Welcome to Family Hour of the Iowa Blog.
We actually have a full cast of characters
tonight.
We're proceeding on my favorite series
thus far and all of the things that
we have done.
I didn't think anything would ever pass my
love of Dode is the One,
the eighty-ninth mizmor.
But nonetheless,
I think this story on returning to the
garden has been my favorite because of all
of the profound insights that we have
derived and how really important they are
for our time and for our lives.
Up there in the top left,
we have Captain Kirk.
I understand you have been probed these
last few days.
You're about to be radiated.
So the next time we see you,
you're gonna be glowing.
And I understand that there is jeopardy
for those three hairs on the top of
your head.
They could be put at risk,
but you have been successfully probed and
survived it.
And so far.
You've counted each of them.
You have an inventory of those hairs,
and you're going to protect them.
I marked them so we can read through
the transplant.
All right.
And underneath Captain Kirk, we have Dr.
Jeff.
Dr. Jeff,
it appears that you are at home.
It is always good to see you,
my friend.
Dr. Jeff and I have been together for,
well,
almost as long as Moses has been around.
For some reason, we have you on mute,
Dr. Jeff, so we'll have to figure out.
We'll have to.
There we go.
Okay.
We're banking on a quarter century, bro.
We are.
Quarter century.
We've been together like four times,
five times longer than the average
marriage.
Yeah.
This is a good sign.
Captain Kirk and I have been together
almost as long.
So I guess the marriage is not monogamous.
But nonetheless, this is a good thing.
One of the nice things, too,
is that men,
when you have a common interest and care
about one another,
we can actually get along and bond for
a very long time.
People like it.
Yeah.
And JB,
you are the perfect example of how when
when we agree on a common cause,
we can disagree on some of the details
that comprise that common cause.
I think we've only had one or two
disagreements.
And both times we actually rather than
say.
you know, what's wrong with you?
How come you don't see it my way?
We took it exactly the opposite and say,
you know,
that's a really interesting position.
I really,
I like the logic that you use to
get there.
In both cases,
I think we walked out saying,
I think the position that I'm taking is
equally justifiable and I'm going to
appreciate yours.
I'll probably stick to my conclusion on
some things.
I think one of them was whether we
observe PSOC
beginning on the evening of the
thirteenth,
which would be the start of the fourteenth
day, or is it the following day?
And I'm of the conclusion that the
fourteenth day starts on the sunset on the
thirteenth day of the month,
but you went through some excellent
justifications for your position.
I think it's grand fun.
to be able to disagree on things like
that and come out of it with more
respect for the other party.
Exactly.
We have done that.
And there I see, Kevin,
you are a man about town.
You now are sitting in that round window,
as I shared with you at the beginning,
before we actually dialed into the show.
That is the Leia window.
There's a wall.
It happened to be the master bedroom is
what is behind you of this home that
we've remodeled here.
And there was just,
that's the ocean side of the master
bedroom.
And it was this...
like eight or nine foot concrete wall.
And my wife said,
that's a really dumb place to have a
wall.
I think what would look really good there
is a round window.
And I said, well, you know,
if your wife wants something done in the
master, well,
it only took four men two weeks time
with two inch drills to cut through the
wall.
a foot thick of engineered concrete and
the rebar and then a major crane to
lift the thing out.
But we got it out and put in
a blue round window.
And it's beautiful.
That's one of the highlights of the house.
So nice to see you there.
And we have Leia right now without little
Cara.
We don't get to see Leia without Cara
very often,
but I think Cara was being rambunctious.
Very.
So Cara got...
Got a timeout for the moment.
We have the other two dogs that are
having a good time here,
but good to see you, Leah.
Shabbat Shalom.
Yeah, Shabbat Shalom to everyone.
And Rich,
you're over there hiding behind the
cables.
Incognito as usual.
Incognito.
There's our buddy, Rich.
So it's wonderful to be part of Family
Hour.
I began this program by saying that my
favorite series thus far is the one we're
continuing now.
It's called Returning to the Garden.
Leah has just shown me the new thumbnails
for it to properly present it on our
various platforms.
My social media sites,
I think there's about twelve of them now
that we are presenting material on.
You know,
there's everything from TikTok to
Instagram to Rumble,
Patreon and at least four channels on
YouTube, plus three, I think,
on Facebook and
We just started Twitch today.
So Twitch is a big one.
So we're twitching.
We're twitching today.
And we're also we are still surviving on
X, which is a major miracle,
considering the swamp that X has become.
But it's been marvelous.
And I just saw that we have new
headers for all of our social media sites.
And, wow, they are really beautiful.
I was telling Leah that I need one
of those for the Facebook page, too.
But it's gracious.
They're gorgeous.
The new graphics and that branding series
on Yotta.
It's really, really do you Yotta?
It's just magnificent.
So we've come a long way under my
wife's branding campaign.
I know she's also working with
with you and with Moriah and others on
this project,
but she's the driving force of it and
it's greatly appreciated.
My wife is very stylish and we're here
to convey Yahweh's message to the world.
And so it's important.
Yahweh said make it pretty it up.
Yahweh said make it pretty.
Yahweh does pretty.
Make it pretty.
No question about it.
The reason that this series,
ladies and gentlemen, is my favorite.
is that when we return to it,
and I had translated Bar Reshith Genesis
one, two, and three, oh, probably,
two years ago.
Yeah, translated on and off,
probably eight,
ten times through that period.
And yet this most recent time through over
this past month,
Wowza.
Oh my goodness.
It has been like the floodgates of
insights have opened up to us and how
this whole experience has been prophetic.
We're no longer viewing what took place in
the garden as a historic account,
although I'm certain that elements of it
transpired exactly as it is told.
But it's prophetic.
It is one of the great teaching moments
that exists in the Torah.
And so...
It's sort of an if you know,
you know kind of moment.
If you're not in the know,
it's meaningless.
It loses its value entirely.
It's the realization that we have deduced
from what transpired in the garden.
are all a result of twenty-four years of
a hundred thousand hours of dedicated
research of translations and writing,
you know,
these books that comprise the Yada Yawa
series.
This is the most recent that we have
published, Time of Trouble.
That's Yada Yawa Volume Nine.
They're free in their entirety at
yadaya.com.
They are
sold royalty free at Amazon.
I encourage you to buy them.
In fact, I just talked to Joe.
The last of the books will now be
redone and presented,
reformatted at Amazon later this evening,
early tomorrow morning.
We have completed that milestone,
have rebranded the books as requested.
So thank you, Joe.
And Joe also redid our website,
yadiyah.com,
so that it really is the first interactive
website that blends a library of books,
these thirty-five books that you see
around me all in a flipbook format that's
really fun and easy to read.
And then in addition to the full library
of books presented that way,
we have a presentation of the most recent
blogs, the Yawa blogs.
So we have the longs and the shorts.
This program will appear shortly after
we've done it.
So you can literally watch and listen to
this program at yadaya.com without ever
leaving the yadaya.com site.
uh so it's a marvelous way to interact
and you can see all of these programs
uh in one place and then i wanted
to have an interactive capability where we
were blending um
an internet site with the appeal of a
blog.
So we have the vlog that comes first,
which is these video programs,
and then we have the blog.
And Joe was able to come up with
a way of automatically populating the
yadiyah.com site with some of our more
interesting
posts here on Facebook and on X,
and they're automatically populated.
So you can see what we're talking about.
I don't think anyone's ever had a blog
appear like that on a website,
as well as a vlog that appears on
the website,
as well as a full library of the
books that they have written
on a website and then of course we
have the links to all of these various
uh social media channels and we probably
should uh kevin just update them and make
sure that we have a link to all
of them uh there as well and and
then uh very shortly we're going to be
adding things we're coming up with a an
innovative version of the timeline we're
coming up with a video presentation of the
timeline and hopefully something it's a
little more interactive and dynamic um
We're also working on countdowns.
Yeah, countdown.
So we know how much time we have
left to each of these important
rendezvous.
We're the first actually to figure out.
Yeah, it was timeline.
So we know exactly when everything is
going to happen between now and the time
that we
We are readmitted to the garden on October
seventh of twenty thirty three.
And so we'll have some countdowns
presented on the website.
And again,
everything on the Yeti dot com website is
free.
We don't have a donate to us button.
We've never asked anybody for money.
We don't take money from anyone.
It's all there in its entirety for free.
The glossary that you composed, Kirk,
is being put into a database now.
And we have two really outstanding
database managers that are working on it.
And then so is a... In-depth.
a search of all of the passages of
the Torah,
prophets and Psalms that I have
translated.
They're they're being put into a database.
And so that will be searchable.
And then we're also training a
an LLM to be able to do an
intelligent search of the full database of
all of the books.
So there'll be a really an interesting way
to use a artificial intelligence to to
search the books and to answer questions
that people may have.
My good friend, Joe,
who we've been talking about here is going
to come for a couple of week visit.
He'll be here in a couple of days.
And now that he's finished the books,
we're going to turn to enhancing the
website.
And so we're really grateful that we have
all this work being done on the databases
and
making progress in this regard.
We're going to continue to make the
website as robust and interesting as it
can be.
We sure did pull it out in nineteen
ninety two, didn't we?
We did.
We did certainly update it and updated all
of the books and everything that is part
of it, keeping with what you had wanted.
And of course,
the biggest change of all is that all
of you guys know that for
The last twenty four years I have been
devoted to being a translator and a
writer.
And that's how we've come up with the
twenty five thousand pages of books of
these thirty five books that you see
around me.
And that's been the the impetus of the
effort over this time.
I did have a syndicated radio show called
Shattering Miss three hours a day,
five days a week for a number of
years.
And and then we did the the.
You had a radio as a radio blog
for a while, but it was,
we're just celebrating now our one year
anniversary on vlogging, which, you know,
when you, you're starting with the,
you know, us gray beards and you say,
it's time to vlog.
Speak to people.
That's a young man's game.
Yeah,
it's a young man's or young woman's game
there.
But yet it's turned out beautifully.
The advantage of the vlogging has been
that we can make understanding and
communication coterminous.
so literally it's just a matter of hours
sometimes sometimes days sometimes
concurrent that an insight that we can
derive is instantly shared and that's
really not possible any other way and
we've we've entered a new realm um for
centuries upon centuries the only way to
reliably communicate information something
that yahweh insisted on
was to convey it in writing it is
by far the most effective way to study
if you're a genuine student of who yahweh
is is to read translations of his words
and analysis of them and if you happen
to be uh jewish and you say i
don't need any stinking translation you
know i i speak and read hebrew i
would beg to differ with you because the
uh problems the rabbis have deceived you
the rabbis have deceived you that the
masoretic text is uh is significantly
altered
The diacritical marks are quite
misleading.
There are names like Yahweh that have been
removed from it.
And they will lead you astray.
And that modern Hebrew and the Hebrew of
the Torah are significantly different.
And there are aspects of the language of
the Torah,
including the stems and the moods and the
conjugations that are just very different
than the way languages work today that are
brilliant for communicating this message.
Before we move on, may I?
Neshama, the rabbis have deceived you.
And if you think that you can open
a Torah and understand it as it is,
You're sadly mistaken.
And they meant to do it.
Get that through your head.
They meant to do it.
Yeah,
that's not because the Torah is difficult
to understand.
It's because, first of all,
you need to go back to the oldest
manuscripts, the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Then you need to scrub every word of
the diacritical markings,
which have been deliberately misleading in
favor of the religion.
which we have done.
And then it's useful to create an
amplified translation so that the full
intent that God was communicating is all
there for you to consider because he is
a much more robust communicator than any
translation gives him credit.
And then you need to have a verification
mode,
which we have done in all of our
translations so that
When you have a translation from from
Yawa,
you're in a position to to look at
in your pages here where you can see
that the bold text conveys the the
key aspect of the particular message where
in the parenthetical is the Hebrew word in
its most genetic form that you can copy
and paste into any search engine and
validate the translations.
This gives tremendous credibility.
to the rendering of the text so that
you can validate it for yourself and find
out who's telling you the truth.
And so I think all of these things
are essential as well as to have a
translation,
particularly an amplified and verifiable
translation from the Dead Sea Scrolls,
scrubbed of the religious diacritical
markings that is juxtaposed to an ongoing
commentary.
because the purpose of the commentary is
that I can, and I guess could,
have just left you the text to read.
But the fact is that no one's understood
the text
between twenty five hundred and three
thousand years.
So if even though the the translations
would be more complete and accurate and
verifiable,
it's not enough for most people because
they just don't understand it.
And that's why we're going to go when
we return to the garden, this series,
we're going to share things that no one
has seen, but yet are undeniably true.
And I'm going to begin with a recap
going over those things that, you know,
this is
I was going to say that in deference
and truthful respect to the tree of
knowledge,
I'm going to go out on a limb
here in that what I'm saying is that
the flow of knowledge,
which has morphed into a deluge,
which has subsequently evolved into a
tsunami of knowledge,
is as relevant and as important as those,
if not more so,
who have won Nobel prizes in medicine and
science over the years.
Agreed.
Particularly if your interest is in God,
if you want to know why we're here,
how life was conceived,
why it was conceived,
how we can escape this planet alive and
go explore the universe,
how we can inherit the covenant that has
been promised from Yahweh and how he
accomplished all these things.
This is the only place you can go.
There's no other place ever that has in
the past two thousand five hundred years
that's properly
Conveyed Yahweh's name,
introduced you back to his beloved son,
who's the one who has enabled our
salvation,
or to explain the timeline that we're up
against now and where we are in it.
I've shared with you that this is beyond
life-saving.
This is life-preserving and perpetuating
into eternity.
And for those who think that we're blowing
our own horn, you're goddamn right we are.
We were asked to blow the shofar.
Are you listening?
Come on.
Yeah.
And it's not really our horn.
It's Yahweh's horn.
And God's really clear on making it
obvious when he has chosen someone through
whom he wants to speak.
And the role that we are fulfilling now,
there are upwards of a thousand
prophecies.
Many of those prophecies are some of the
most profoundly important prophecies that
have ever been considered.
You know,
you start with the fourth day of creation.
The fourth day of creation has nothing to
do with the creation of the sun and
the moon.
The sun, God has a word for sun.
There's a word for moon in Hebrew.
Neither one are mentioned.
And by the way,
the sun and the moon existed long before
there was plant life on this planet.
And the third day is the conception of
plant life out of the ocean.
So they had nothing to do with the
conception of the sun and moon and doesn't
say so.
It's a profoundly important prophecy.
It says that on the fourth day,
Yahweh revealed that there would be a
greater and lesser luminary.
He calls both of the luminaries important.
They're both important.
exceedingly relevant,
but the greater luminary is more
important.
And that luminary is the source of
enlightenment that we are considering.
And the lesser luminary reflects the
greater luminary's light and they serve as
signs for the Moedim.
which are these seven annual meetings for
us to not only meet with God,
but for us to be introduced to the
restoring witness to the eternal
testimony.
There is nothing more important.
What a profoundly important prophecy,
and the prophecy speaks of Dode,
the beloved son of God, our savior,
the former and returning king,
and of his herald, Yoda.
Then it goes to the tree of lives
and the tree of knowledge.
Again,
that's the exact same two individuals with
Dode representing the tree of lives and
Yadda representing the tree of knowledge
with one leading to the other the same
way.
And you go all the way through the
text, the eighteenth chapter of Dabarim.
It's an ode to Dode.
The person that Moshe was speaking of is
God's beloved son.
It's Dode, the Messiah, the king,
the prophet.
And then you turn to the twenty ninth
chapter of Devarim, Deuteronomy.
You're introduced to Hanakri.
the observant foreigner that makes us all
aware of these things.
And God introduced both of them and made
it very clear that he had chosen Moshe
to speak for him about these things.
And that these two individuals represent
the characters that flesh out God's story.
They're introduced in the fifteenth
chapter of Numbers as the ram and the
bull.
and they fulfill the Moed Mikre.
Ram fulfills Pesach, Matz, and B'kodim.
The bull fulfills Shabuwa and Teruah.
And they fulfill Yom Kippurim,
which is Dode's day to return,
in collaboration with one another.
And they are interlaced branches of the
tree of knowledge and lives in the garden.
Kamsuka.
God's very clear as to who these
individuals will be.
Now,
specifically as we speak of the garden,
there are some things that were profoundly
important.
We want to cover them again prior to
pursuing with the text.
The first of those is that a garden
is Gan.
And Gan is based upon Ghana.
Sukkah is based upon Sukkot.
Sukkot, the verb, and Ghana, the verb,
both speak of that which is protected,
enclosed, covered, and sheltered.
And so the garden, the sheltered garden,
was a microcosm of what God created in
the earth, our planet.
They are sheltered, protective, enclosed,
environments that are conducive to life.
We have talked about this considerably,
but the fact is,
it is highly likely that Earth is the
only planet in the universe that is
conducive to the kind of life that we're
enjoying.
And we say this for lots of reasons.
There are so many finely tuned ingredients
to our planet from the molten core and
the magnetic field that protects us from
cosmic radiation to the water vapor in our
atmosphere and the perfect size of the
earth to hold that atmosphere in place and
the magnetic field to keep it from being
blown away by the solar winds that protect
us from all of the harm
that exists in the universe that would
just kill life.
The perfect distance away with the perfect
orbit from the ideal star with an ideal
sized moon and the ideal place and an
ideal planet the size of Jupiter to suck
up and to prevent the constant bombardment
of comets and meteorites that would stuff
out life on this planet and the tectonic
plates that are necessary.
the tides that are necessary.
I mean,
it just goes on and on and on.
The axis of the earth,
all of it to be conducive to life
and the likelihood that there is another
planet that is in the right spot within
its galaxy and the right galaxy and the
right distance from its star and the right
kind of star and all of the other
things that go with it.
When you do the math, it's nil.
And even if it were not nil,
and it is,
you we are never getting off this planet
mania we can go to the moon big
whoop uh and i if the vanity project
remains and uh and the economy doesn't
collapse uh within the next three years
which both are possible that in fact it's
likely that the us economy will collapse
then there may be a vanity trip to
uh mars but no one's going to live
there and no one's coming back so it's
only a place to die
And so this is it.
I mean,
they're bragging now that there may be a
habitable planet around Proxima Centauri.
It's not possible.
Proxima Centauri is a red dwarf.
They're not stable enough.
The planet's four times the size of the
Earth.
It's not going to happen.
And let's just pretend that it was
possible.
It would only take you like forty thousand
years to get there.
I hope you can freeze your DNA.
Yeah.
I mean, it's at this point,
a manned object this fast as it's ever
gone is one tenth of the one tenth
of one percent of the speed of light.
One tenth of one percent.
It's not going to get there.
So.
You think the gravity is four times as
much as there as well?
It would be four Gs when you set
foot on that planet?
Yeah.
Would it be four times the size?
We'd be pancaked.
The other things are that
The thickness of the atmosphere.
Look at Venus.
Venus is the same size as the Earth,
but it has so much atmosphere that is
around that planet that the pressure on
the surface of Venus is like being,
you know,
two thousand feet under the ocean,
where you'd be compressed to nothing.
I mean,
you wouldn't breathe for a nanosecond.
it's just so much that goes into.
Yeah, so much.
Yeah, it'd be instantly crushed.
And it's, of course,
the temperatures are high enough that
they'd melt any metal object.
Your skin would be singed instantly.
A metal craft that's perfectly designed
for the harsh environment.
I think the longest any one of them
last was an hour.
And most of them were just minutes.
One picture.
Yeah, one picture.
Smile, planet.
This is our only shot.
But you know, Mars isn't much different.
They keep on showing pictures of Mars with
all of these beautiful habitats and
they're all glass enclosures and they have
these panoramic views and they're
terraforming and planting crops outside.
The soil is completely toxic.
The only way that you can survive on
Mars is in a hole in the ground.
And there is zero chance that you could
have a metal building or a glass building
because the radiation would just go right
through it.
So if you have to live in a
hole in the ground and you can't use
the soil and you have no access to
water, you have no access to oxygen.
The gravity is so light there,
a third of Earth that your bones and
your heart would all decay very quickly.
What's the point?
Who are we kidding?
And you're never going to generate an
atmosphere.
You're never gonna be able to spend any
amount of time on the surface.
You're gonna die there if you didn't die
en route.
So it's just utter nonsense that there is
an option for us off of this planet.
And the way we're going right now with,
oh, war.
Did you gentlemen see what came out of
NATO yesterday?
No.
Oh, my.
You know,
I've been saying to very little fanfare
for... Even from me, I didn't believe it.
Yeah, for fifteen years now,
way back in the Shattering Myths days,
I recognized that Ukraine was a
bribery-oriented state that could not
survive on its own,
that you had to constantly supply money
because of the bribery and graft that was
in Ukraine.
And I began to notice how the
International Monetary Fund was vying for
supplying that that gravy train of cash.
And the IMF wouldn't do that unless
somebody is being manipulative and wanted
to take.
But before that,
it was Russia's welfare child.
Yeah, it was.
It was Russia's welfare child.
And Russia could do that because they had
the pipelines and they could reclaim the
interest on the debt through transit fees
on those pipelines.
But the IMF
wanted it.
And so they replaced Russia.
And then I watched as NATO continued to
encroach.
And I said,
this is going to be a disaster.
And I've been sharing ever since that
Nuland,
the secretary of state or assistant
secretary of state, is on vocals,
recorded,
talking about regime change that John
McCain,
who I knew personally and
I didn't doubt the Americans were
involved.
What I doubted, the Europeans?
I didn't think they were involved.
The EU.
The EU was not involved.
It's just the United States.
The United States, this is the release,
is that the documents that were the
original plan
written by American statesmen,
the CIA and the neocons under George Bush,
wrote the plan of how they would use
the encroachment of NATO to create a war
against Russia and then at the same time
perpetrate regime change in Russia to
destabilize Putin and carve Russia up so
that it was a bunch of rump states
that the United States could control and
could seize the mineral rights and the
wealth of Russia for itself.
And the whole dossier of what we were
going to do to Russia to carve it
up and steal it
was released.
Official NATO-US documents.
And it affirms everything that I've said
all the way along.
It was obvious.
I mean,
you have John McCain and Lindsey Graham
actually telling the Ukrainians two years
before the war began that there's going to
be a war.
We're using you as the proxy and we're
going to supply you with the weapons.
And the target is Russia.
Here's your glass of champagne.
And yet,
eighty percent of Americans think that
Russia is the bad guy.
And it isn't.
They're the victim.
And, you know,
it's just astonishing that you can tell
people and prove your point and you can't
get through with anybody who's overtly
controlled by or influenced by either
religion or politics.
But I share this because what the United
States did is declare war on Russia.
And we have done everything we can to
push the world towards a nuclear war.
And now the UK and now Germany and
France are fanning the flames of nuclear
war.
And so it's important that you learn this
stuff now and pay attention because the
world's not going to last much longer.
It's got eight years before it does a
complete meltdown,
and Yahweh has to intervene to save life
on the planet.
So you want to be on the right
side of this.
Craig, in your opinion,
would you call this
the ultimate or most sophisticated false
flag type of an operation,
which is repeating the playbook,
which has occurred in the past.
Well,
the worst of them is tough because the
United States has led upwards of a hundred
regime change operations,
all with negative outcomes since the end
of World War II.
So the false flag operations led by the
United States and the CIA are numerous.
We're now working on Venezuela.
But we have done all manner of harm
to South and Central America and European
nations and nations around the world.
America thinks that it runs the world and
the world is its to do whatever it
wants to do with.
And I would say that the regime chain
operation in Ukraine and attempted regime
change in Russia and the cause of this
proxy war against Russia and the Ukraine,
which the United States and NATO have
lost,
that it was the dumbest of them all.
because it put the world on the precipice
of a nuclear war and it's been what
i've said from the beginning that you you
have to be a complete ignoramus not only
immoral because of the two million people
have died uh pursuing your selfish
financial agenda uh and your lies but if
the ukraine in the united states and nato
were to have prevailed
and they would have achieved what they
sought out to achieve,
which is the destruction of Russia,
turning it into a bunch of rump states
that could be controlled by the United
States, then on the way out,
Russia would absolutely engage with
nuclear attacks, with nuclear missiles.
It was certain.
And so if winning means losing everything,
the whole planet,
Then what is the purpose?
So if you if you win the conventional
war, which now Russia has won,
but if you win the conventional war,
you're going to have a nuclear war.
And if you lose the conventional war,
you're going to have lots of people dead
and you're going to accomplish nothing and
make everything worse.
Like we destroyed NATO and the United
States in the process.
I mean,
the gravest thing that the United States
has done, actually,
if you want to know the single biggest
mistake of the United States in the last
fifty years,
is when they stole Russia's sovereign
accounts,
a couple of hundred billion dollars of
Russian assets,
because every nation was forced to keep
sovereign debt,
sovereign assets and dollars because the
United States made a deal with Saudi
Arabia.
The deal we made with Saudi Arabia is
that our military, our servicemen,
would defend Saudi Arabia as if it were
a state of the United States,
which is what they did in the Gulf
War,
sacrificing American blood to go against
Saddam Hussein and Iraq.
We lost Americans honoring a deal that we
made with Saudi Arabia for oil and
petrodollars.
And so the deal was we would protect
our military, the US military,
would fight and die protecting Saudi
Arabia.
So long as Saudi Arabia agreed to sell
oil only in US dollars,
which means that if you want to buy
oil,
you have to have a reserve of dollars.
And what that has enabled the United
States to do is to buy whatever it
wants to buy around the world and pay
for it in worthless paper because there's
always a market for our worthless paper.
So now we have thirty eight trillion
dollars in debt in this worthless paper.
And we traded worthless paper for goods
and services.
And of course,
we destroyed the US economy in the
process.
But when the US took the sovereign wealth
of Russia and confiscated it,
What it said to the world is you
can't trust us, that the U.S.
Treasury bonds are no longer safe.
They're a weapon.
And if we don't like you,
we will steal your sovereign assets.
And militarily,
when we pulled out of Afghanistan,
we were also proved to the world that
we can't be trusted.
We lost the Afghani war long before that.
We lost every war since World War II.
We couldn't even beat the Houthis,
much less the Taliban.
But no,
the issue was when we stole the sovereign
wealth of Russia on a war that we
initiated.
What we proved is that the dollar is
weaponized and it cannot be trusted.
And so every country around the world,
including Saudi Arabia,
said we need an alternative to dollars
because this isn't going to work.
You can't trust the United States and they
will steal your money.
They're the bully.
And so I put China in the driver's
seat along with Russia.
They were the industrial engine of the
world.
They started buying gold.
Gold is at record highs because central
banks around the world now are storing
their wealth in gold as opposed to
dollars.
When the Treasury bonds expire,
no one's buying them anymore.
Not Japan, not China, not nobody,
not no way, not know how.
And so the US cannot finance its debt
anymore without doing what Germany did in
Argentina,
where you print so much money it takes
wheelbarrows to buy a loaf of bread.
And that is where the United States is
now.
And they have no one that wants to
help the United States because we proved
that we cannot be trusted.
The dollar can't be trusted.
So the dollar is rapidly losing its place
as a reserve currency.
When it is no longer a reserve currency,
there is no way for America to sustain
its debt.
And they've always said that when your
Payment on debt,
service of debt exceeds your defense
spending and is the highest expense item
on a national balance sheet that you're
done as a country.
And now the number one item from an
expense for the United States is service
on the debt of money that we squandered
long ago.
We are literally funding our military,
and our economy with funny money that has
no value and it's all going to crash
and we're going to have economic chaos.
So Craig, when will, in your opinion,
will the wine become the reserve currency
for the Saudis?
When will the Saudis dump the US?
Well, the Saudis, MBS is a psychopath,
but he's not stupid.
Most psychopaths aren't stupid.
Some are.
We've had one that was trying to screw
around with us that is a stupid
psychopath.
So there are some,
but most of psychopaths are fairly bright.
Donald Trump is a stupid psychopath,
but they vary in intelligence.
MBS is actually a fairly smart psychopath.
Devious.
He has...
has all but abandoned the the petrodollar
already uh he says sells all of saudi
arabia excuse me all of chinese uh uh
imports of uh oil out of saudi arabia
in the and the uh the one and
he's exporting gold out of africa by the
ton yes he is he is building huge
gold reserves so is china china now has
i think the largest in the world but
Saudi Arabia will sell you oil and any
currency you want to buy now.
So they no longer honor the petrodollar
agreement,
but the United States just doubled down,
committing the United States military to
defend Saudi Arabia against any foe,
including Israel.
So if Israel and Saudi Arabia got in
a war together,
the United States is committed to defend
Saudi Arabia as opposed to Israel.
So that is where we are on all
of this,
and it's going to come to a crashing
halt.
Saudi Arabia is not an official BRICS
member.
It's an unofficial BRICS member,
and BRICS now is the driving force in
the world.
They have replaced SWIFT so they have an
exchange mechanism that bypasses SWIFT
because SWIFT was weaponized by the United
States.
And because the yuan and other currencies
now are gold-backed,
they returned to gold as opposed to fiat
currencies.
Those currencies can be trusted.
And so the United States is just,
it's screwed.
And the reason you need to know this
is because
God's offering you an opportunity to come
back into the garden and get our act
together.
And if you don't accept it,
you're going to be part of a world
that is literally destroying itself.
And it's going to happen.
in rapid order.
Even Warren Buffett came out in one of
our programs last week and said that it's
no longer an if for the United States.
And it may not even be a when,
because it's going to happen so quickly
now that the United States is bankrupt.
And this is the way that it's going
to deal with its bankruptcy.
And he went through all of the points.
And it's a frightening situation.
Same thing is happening throughout Europe,
particularly with France will be the next
to go.
They can't even pass a budget.
But that is where we are.
So what God is doing is he is
equating the Garden of Eden with the
planet Earth.
And he's telling us at the end of
this eight years when man just goes amok,
economies fail, and there is world war.
And the Muslims do everything they can to
destroy Israel.
There'll be Alaska flood, two point oh,
a thousand times worse.
That as a result of all of those
things,
God is saying that there's he is going
to obliterate
Everyone who is anti-Semitic,
everyone who is religious will be gone.
Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Hinduism.
Anyone who is overtly political will be
gone.
The Marxists, communists,
Magus will all be obliterated.
And all weapons of war will be destroyed.
He's going to incinerate all of them on
one day.
One day is Teruah.
And that will be on the twenty fourth
of September of twenty thirty three.
And
In place of that,
not all over the entire world,
there's going to be some places that are
still going to be considered bad.
And Babylon and Saudi Arabia and that
area,
there's going to be a little section there
that is the no-go zone, the no-fly zone,
if you will.
But for the most part,
he's going to transform the earth into the
conditions experienced in Eden.
He even has a plan for Gaza.
His plan for Gaza is to turn it
into... Leah's sheep grazing farm.
Sheep grazing and paddocks for flocks of
sheep.
So he's got a plan for the whole
thing.
And what he's doing is he said
emphatically that he is transforming the
earth into the conditions experienced in
Eden.
So we know when it's going to happen.
And now we know why it's going to
happen.
And that is because when, and the date,
by the way, is Sukkah,
which is why I shared that with you,
that the seven steps that we,
six steps that take us to the destination,
the seventh in the Moed Mikra,
take us to Sukkah,
which means we're returning to the garden.
And the reason that God is bringing us
back to the garden is we blew it
the first time.
Oh, boy, did we blow it.
And this is one of the things that
I don't think that anyone has ever
recognized previously.
Everyone wants to blame Eve for taking a
bite of the apple and seducing Adam to
join her.
She didn't seduce Adam.
Oh, no.
And there was no Eve.
No.
So neither of those things happened.
And the fact is that- But it doesn't
stop them from making it up, mind you.
It didn't.
The fact of the matter is that the
decision pursuant to the fall of man was
made well before that occurred.
And it was made by Yahweh.
That Yahweh states that he is responsible
for the fall of man.
Nafal is the verb,
and Nafal is such an important verb
because when Yahweh spoke to Noach and
asked him to build the ark to save
his family and the animals in that region,
it was only the region around the Black
Sea, when he asked them to do that,
who were the people that he regretted
having conceived?
Nephilim.
Nephilim is just the plural of Nephal,
isn't it?
They are the fallen.
This is the people that God said,
I regret having created man because they
had fallen and in the garden,
the instigator for the fall of man is
actually Yahweh.
And so then we're in a position when
you recognize it was Yahweh before
Chawa, which was her name,
it means to state her position boldly.
Yeah,
before Chawa took a bite of the fruit
from the tree of knowledge and handed it
to Adam,
God made the decision that he needed to
foreclose on this experiment.
And such a key point, Craig,
is that this is all pre-Chala.
Pre-Chala.
And in another statement,
Yah even states lo chawa in his verb.
Yes.
Well, actually,
in the second statement that Yahweh etched
on the first of the two tablets,
he actually uses lo chawa as a verb
to explain that you should not be
religious.
Do not create masculine or feminine gods
or goddesses,
that this is a very bad thing to
do.
The whole second statement that was etched
in stone is don't be religious.
And he uses Lo Chawa,
the negation of the verb that is the
basis of Chawa's name,
which means to make a bold proclamation.
He says, don't do that.
Do not make a proclamation in favor of
masculine or feminine gods,
gods or goddesses.
So, yeah, this is absolutely true.
Now,
the thing that we also determined is that
Yawa decided that he was going to leave
this relationship with Adam before Chawa
was created.
And which is why he said,
it's not good for man to be alone.
He would never have said that if his
intent was to stay in Adam's proximity in
his company,
because then he wouldn't have been alone,
would he?
So when God said,
it's not good for man to be alone,
it was because God intended to end that
relationship.
And so we're put on notice really early
on that this relationship was not working
out for God.
and then we learned that after he created
uh chawa one one of the things that
we find it's fascinating is that he says
that adam was created in his image now
that does not mean that adam was the
first man but he becomes the first man
created in god's image by the addition of
an assama a conscience this is the very
thing that separates humans from
artificial intelligence you know they say
that
that they have new supercomputers now that
they can think faster than all of the
eight billion humans on the Earth
combined.
Well,
I'm trying to tell you that they're really
not thinking.
They're processing information.
They're not thinking.
And they have no judgment, no discernment,
no sense of right and wrong.
And the nesama is what gives us humans
that capacity.
It's just that it's unused by most people
today.
And so God says that that Nesalma made
Adam unique.
And then so he took this man,
gave him a Nesalma and put him into
the enclosure of Eden,
saying that he was now in the image
of God, which means he had a conscience.
Then he creates Chawa,
but Chawa was created in the image of
man, not in the image of God.
And child was expressed purpose was to
work to support the man.
And I know that today women, you know,
hear me roar,
but the fact of the matter is God
also puts himself in that same position.
God says, I'm here to help.
Easier is the verb.
God uses it to talk about the fact
he's here to help man.
So this is a very positive thing.
The, the fact that,
that Chawa was created to be supportive of
man,
and man was created to work with Yahweh,
it's his first instruction,
to be observant so that he was aware
of his environment, a good explorer,
someone to be fun to take on a
road trip together,
that he was supposed to listen to Yahweh
and respond appropriately and engage to
make the situation better.
And if he felt to have the wherewithal
to get back up,
Adam failed across the board.
Yahweh was very clear that Adam was
listless.
He was unmotivated.
He didn't listen.
He didn't contribute.
There's not a single statement where Adam
did anything that had any value.
And so we find out why God gave
up on Adam.
He wanted somebody that he could take off
of this planet and explore the universe
that he created.
Two trillion galaxies out there waiting to
be explored.
He wanted someone he could trust to take
from three dimensions into seven
dimensions.
And Adam wasn't that guy.
He didn't listen, didn't respond,
didn't show any resolve,
no contribution to the relationship.
He was dull, uninteresting, unreliable.
And that's the reason why God ended the
experiment.
Because in that sheltered place of Eden,
there was no way that Adam was going
to improve.
Because you only gain value as a person
by making a contribution,
creating something, building something,
working.
When we work, we build things of value.
When we don't work, we don't.
All these insights that have come to us
understanding these conditions of Eden
have occurred because we worked at it.
You know,
we work from before sunrise to well after
sunset every day.
If you don't work that,
it's not going to happen.
So this is what Adam didn't do.
Now,
there was a guy that came around three
thousand years later that did all of these
things.
He was brilliant.
He listened to God.
He responded appropriately.
He engaged.
He was did whatever he wanted him to
do.
And he was great at it,
passionate about contributing.
And he fell lots of times.
And every time he fell,
he got right back up better, wiser.
more reliable for the experience.
That man is Dode,
the man that God said,
this is my son, I'm his father.
He's my chosen one.
So we are capable of being what God
wants from us.
Dode proved it.
Adam did not.
So we learned a lot about what was
wrong in the garden,
which now tells us that when God is
taking us back to the garden,
he is instructing us as to what we
need to do differently if we're going to
have this opportunity to leave this
protective enclosure suitable for life
that we call Earth and go explore the
universe with him.
And there's two trillion galaxies out
there.
There's only one way you're ever going to
see them.
And that is when you shed these physical
bodies and your soul resides in light and
energy.
And when that happens,
you can explore the entire universe and
get from here to there a hundred light
years away and no time whatsoever.
And when you're there,
you can transform some percentage of your
energy into matter
and enjoy a good glass of wine or
feel this heat of that star against your
cheek.
Enjoy a Passover meal.
So we're gonna have those opportunities,
but what we have to do is to
be like Dode, like David.
And that's the reason why there's a final
remnant of Yisrael that's being invited
back into the garden.
And it is our responsibility to share with
them what we have learned.
That's why all of these books exist.
This will be the library for Eden.
And we will share with them what we
have come to know and set an example
of what it's like to work.
to make a contribution and to be reliable.
We're also going to establish the
realization that God's not looking for
perfect.
Isn't it imperative, Craig?
Isn't it imperative just to everybody that
we learn and grow from the lessons of
Adam and Shawa.
It was purposeful and by design that they
did what they did
Yeah, that whole story.
We would do it differently.
Differently, right.
That's the power of this Returning to the
Garden series,
is so that we understand that Adam and
Chawa were wrong.
They bored God.
They disappointed God.
They didn't work.
They didn't learn.
They didn't listen.
They were not observant.
And when they stumbled,
they didn't get up.
They continued to wallow around in their
mistake.
And then what we learn is three thousand
years later, God says, now this guy,
he is my chosen one.
This guy is my son.
I'm his father.
I'm bringing him back such that he is
the full influence of God.
And in my presence, Elion,
and that's Dode.
So then we have to compare everything we
can learn about Dode David.
To Adam.
And we find out that Dode is the
antithesis of Adam.
And so our goal is to communicate to
people, you need to know about Dode.
You need to respect him.
You need to recognize that he fulfilled
Pesach, Matzah, and Bekorah.
He did what God wanted.
Be more Dode, yeah.
Yeah, he did what he wanted.
He did what was right to do.
He was right.
He was committed.
God called him his Ebed, Ebed Ani,
my coworker.
Mm-hmm.
And, you know,
he was a prophet of the first order.
He wrote dissertations on how to observe
the Torah.
A hundred and nineteenth Mismore,
what a spectacular document.
His first thirty-five Psalms plus so many
of the others are revolutionary in the way
that they introduce the purpose of life to
us and his purpose.
So the answer is be like Dode.
Don't be like Adam.
So it's a beautiful presentation of what
God expects for us.
And the timing here is less than eight
years and we're being brought back.
Now,
there are some people who will enter the
garden already prepared to live in the
seventh dimension with Yahweh.
And they will be those who are harvested
on Shabuwa and then gleaned on Teruah.
but all of the rest are the remnant
of Yisrael and Goyim who are deemed
sufficiently unreligious and unpolitical,
non-conspiratorial, non-antisemitic,
such that they can be purged of their
guilt of omission and be allowed back into
the garden,
but they're going in as babies.
They don't know diddly squat.
You know,
they'll just be learning Yahweh's name.
They'll just be learning who Dode is.
They're in nursery school.
And so we've got a thousand years to
prepare them to be like Dode.
And that is the story of returning to
the garden.
Profoundly important.
You know,
there are some important dates along the
way, but the ultimate date,
if you don't make the Shabuwa harvest or
the Teruah gleaning,
is to be there on the Shabbat of
Teruah,
the twenty fourth of September in twenty
thirty three,
so that you can be purged of your
guilt and and reenter that garden.
As Dode returns ten days later and we
enter the garden five days after that.
So this is profound.
I mean,
I know that none of these things have
been shared previously.
So with that hour-long introduction,
gentlemen, let's return to the text.
So it reads, Yawa, who is God,
called out,
issuing an invitation to read and recite
Hikara to the man, El Adam.
And he said to him, where are you?
Where are you?
Is God going to ask that question if
he's omniscient, knows all?
No, no.
And why would God use a verb like
kara when he could have used the common
word for God said to him,
which would have been amar,
or even God spoke to him,
which would be dabar.
Why do you think he used Kara?
It's the basis of Mikra.
Yeah, of course.
It's prophetic, isn't it?
Because the only way that you're going to
get from where are you to here I
am is through the Mikra.
And Mikra is based on Kara.
It's the seven steps that we walk to
God,
six steps to him and the final
destination,
which is
The re-entrance into the garden.
And so he was,
God was telling you the way that this
is the path back.
The path back is to be called out
of this world to answer the invitation to
meet and greet Yahweh by reading and
reciting what he has provided, Kara.
And there are seven of these mikre.
And he said, you know, to him,
you know, where are you?
That's the question everyone should be
asking themselves.
Where am I?
Pursuant to God, where am I?
You know, if you're an Israeli,
you're thinking, well, God's protected us.
Boy, we're under his protection.
No, you're not.
God made it really clear that he has
left you.
Where you are is one thing.
Where he is is another thing.
And he says he's returning to Shamaim and
he's not coming back until you return to
him.
And you're not going to return to him
in mass until Teruah comes.
And year six thousand.
Yeah.
You don't even know what year it is.
You're off by one hundred ninety seven
years.
But year six thousand.
Yeah.
It's only eight years from now.
Twenty thirty three.
By the way,
it's a member of HOSHA four six and
forget about Hanukkah.
It's a farce.
It is.
Yeah.
God says that my people are destroyed for
lack of knowledge.
And as a result of telling Hosha to
marry a religious prostitute,
God was saying,
you've cheated on me by being religious.
And yet, you know,
Israel may be the most religious country
on earth.
So they're still cheating on God by
religion.
And so long as Israel is religious,
they have no relationship to God.
The most hated people on earth by God
are rabbis.
And you might say, well, that's not fair.
You know, they must hate Muslims.
He does.
But there would be no Muslims if it
weren't for rabbis.
They sold Mohammed the Talmud stories that
made the Koran come across as a religious
document.
And you'd say, well,
Christians prosecuted and persecuted Jews
for two thousand years.
God must hate Christians.
Yes, he does.
He does.
He despises them.
He calls Christianity a plague of death.
But there'd be no Christianity without
rabbis either.
They're the ones who trained Paul to
cherry-pick passages out of the Torah and
prophets and twist them to promote a false
agenda.
Paul was trained as a rabbi.
Truth be told is that the rabbis serve
in an analogous way as the DNA for
Christianity and Islam.
Yes, they are.
They are the DNA of Christianity and
Islam.
When you look at Rabbi Akiva,
who's the father of rabbinical Judaism,
he's the one who perpetrated another false
messiah, Bar Kokhba,
and he caused the diaspora.
And the Holocaust is a direct result.
And so the father of your religion is
an absolute fraud who was totally
destructive to you.
How could you be so stupid?
And then you parade around thinking, well,
no, we got a star of David.
No, you don't.
It's the star of Bar Kokhba.
David doesn't have a star.
His name is not David.
It's God.
And by the way,
he is the Messiah and he is the
son of God and he is the savior.
And he's the one who's coming back.
You've got it all fouled up and it's
largely because the rabbis have been so
disastrous to you.
So where are you?
You're one of those morons that's dancing
about in your black morning suit and your
rat hat.
No.
You're wearing a yarmulke because you want
to emulate the Greeks?
No.
If you're going to a synagogue,
which is a Greek word?
No.
You're listening to rabbis,
a word that means exalted?
No.
God doesn't talk about rabbis.
There's no rabbi in God's story.
None.
One of the most arrogant,
haughty terms ever created.
Rob.
Great one.
Exalted one.
Yes, it's strictly arrogant.
And you could take every one of the
rabbis who has ever lived and you take
the sum total of all of their insights
and knowledge of the Torah and prophets.
And I've exceeded them a million fold.
One guy, an observant foreigner.
They're just complete and utter frauds.
According to Yahweh, they're blind.
They're dumb.
And Israel,
until you distance yourself from them,
you will never be among those who are
invited back into the garden.
It is for the non-religious.
Wasn't any religion there in Eden,
was there?
No.
No politics, no religion, no militaries,
no judicial systems, no anti-Semite.
No dress code, no dress code.
None.
Yeah, no dress code.
Well, you could wear a smile.
Yeah.
And that was really because they were
comfortable in God's presence until they
rebelled against him.
Become a Yehud and give up the Judaism.
It's long overdue.
Yeah.
Where are you?
If you call yourself a Jew, you're lost.
That's not a word that God would ever
use.
Even a letter.
No, there was not.
In fact,
the letter J for Jew didn't even exist
until the seventeenth century.
So you can't be a Jew,
not according to the Torah.
If you say,
I'm a Jew who observes the Torah,
I'm saying, no, I'm sorry, you don't,
because you wouldn't call yourself a Jew.
The term is Yahud.
And of course, what is Yehud?
It's based on two people's names.
Well,
a person's name and a really important
individual's name.
It's Yahweh and Dod.
Yehud means Yah's beloved.
So where are you?
If you're political,
if you're overtly political,
you're overtly religious,
whether you're Jewish or not,
if you are...
Goyim or Yehudim, Israelite or Gentile,
if you're religious,
you're overtly political,
then where you are is not with Yahweh.
So it's rather important to understand
this.
So even...
After introducing the Ruach and in that
last statement,
the one that preceded this,
we read that there was a spirit of
this day, the Ruach of this day,
and it was directly associated with the
voice of Yahweh.
Now that the spirit of Yahweh,
the Ruach of Yahweh has been introduced
and the voice of the cool voice of
Yahweh has been introduced,
Yahweh reminds us that when he speaks,
Even here, his voice remains masculine,
singular.
The inclusion of the Ruach does not make
God feminine,
as there are some who would protest.
If it were not already, this is point,
game, set,
match for the notion of a spirit mom
speaking for anyone.
We finally meet the Ruach,
and Yahweh still speaks in masculine,
singular voice.
So in this case, the verb kara,
which in the imperfect conjugation is
deployed to invite mankind to return to
God, no matter how long it takes.
There is an open invitation.
That's why it was written in the imperfect
conjugation.
Also by kara,
reading and reciting the words inscribed
within the tree of knowledge.
Yada Yahweh is the tree of knowledge.
The Choder,
who has the seven spirits of Yahweh,
the Choder is identified in the eleventh
chapter by Yahweh himself of Isaiah as the
tree of knowledge.
He makes it emphatic that the Choder,
which is a stem that is shoresh-rooted and
parah, fruitful and productive, a netzer,
an observant branch, is in fact the etz.
the tree of knowledge.
So God is saying that if you want
to respond to him,
be called out of this world,
you need to turn to and read this
tree of knowledge, Yada Yawa,
that has been provided for you.
So we find God summoning us to meet
on common ground.
Kara serves as the verbal root of Mikra,
which we have discussed.
And
It's the title ascribed to the seven
annual occasions to be called out and meet
with God.
And sadly, even in Judaism,
these are not observed.
They've turned Passover into a seven-day
holiday.
And Passover is not a seven-day holiday.
How many days, JB, is Passover observed?
One day.
How many days is Matzah observed?
Seven.
And so Pesach is just the first day
of Matzah, isn't it?
And they don't understand that.
They don't even observe matzah.
Matzah is just an ingredient.
But matzah is the stem, the essential day,
is it not?
And without matzah,
opening the doorway to life is a negative
because you become immortal if you
celebrate Passover,
but you're eternally separated from God
because you're still slathered with
religious guilt if you don't observe
matzah.
And so it's really counterproductive.
And the rabbis have turned a
their religion into a disaster for God's
people.
You celebrate Passover,
you don't observe matzah,
your soul becomes eternally separated from
God.
That place is called Sheol.
It can't even get to first base in
order to have...
Ultimately, what's most useful is binah,
which is,
I know a favorite term of ours,
is to make the connections,
beginning with the fourth day of creation,
but throughout the whole Torah, Prophet,
and Psalms, binah, binah, binah.
Without it, you can't figure it out.
It's like the rabbis are anti-binah.
It's one of the things we've been talking
about, Jeff, is that you could present,
and you tried to do this, JB,
as I did once.
You can present more accurate and complete
renderings of God's testimony based upon
the oldest manuscripts,
and people might know what God said.
But knowing is not even one percent of
the journey.
Understanding is what matters.
And you can't understand until you know,
but knowing is all about binah,
making these connections,
binah and binah when it's associated with
the spirit,
is making the connections necessary to
comprehend.
And that's what we're doing now.
We're sharing an understanding of these
situations.
So it should be obvious here,
but the fact is that the etz chayim,
This is the tree of lives.
It's plural of life.
Chayim would be plural lives.
And the man representing the etz chayim,
the greater luminary,
fulfilled the first three moed mikre,
adding to our lives.
He opened the door to life by being
crucified on Passover,
just as he told us he would a
thousand years in advance of enduring it.
And the Etz Dayat,
he will fulfill the next two Moedim,
providing the knowledge to cultivate those
harvests of Shabuwa and Teruah,
enabling both of those in gatherings.
And then Dode will return on the sixth
Mikra of Kippurim.
Yada will resume his role providing
instruction in the garden during the
seventh moed of Sukkah and will be
accompanied by the cast of characters we
see here harvesting and sharing that
fruit.
We will work together as a team.
And the team is comprised of eight people
because God's schedule contains an eighth
day.
This is the time that we're released to
go off and explore the universe.
Noah started over with eight.
Yes, he did.
Eight is essential.
How many days are there of Sukkah?
Eight days.
And how many people are identified that
are harvested that will continue to engage
on Shabuwa and Teruah and then on Sukkah
again?
Eight people.
Yeah, eight people.
It's all symbolic of what God is trying
to deliver.
You don't want to be part of it.
You may want to retire now because it's
job security.
That's the good thing.
But the employment contract goes through
the next one thousand years.
So it's eight years between now and then
and a thousand years thereafter.
So it is job security.
But you better like the work.
Better like the people you're working with
because it's going to it's going to be
a long haul.
But just think of the dividends.
I mean,
everybody that is part of the Shibuya
harvest will.
be there because we did our job.
And the same thing will be true on
the Teruah in gathering.
And it will be true with those who
are purged of the religious guilt on
Teruah by the Adam of Paran.
It'll be true when the,
when they have a chance to celebrate those
return with Yahweh.
And then everybody who is allowed into,
and then later out of the garden is
going to benefit from the work we do.
Speaking of the knock, uh,
Fellas and Leah.
Looking at MISMOR VI,
look at what Dode says about the octave,
the eighth octave.
Yeah, the eighth octave.
He introduces it.
He says, you know,
this is all about the eighth octave,
the time beyond the time.
We have a seven thousand year plan that
God instituted.
We're eight years shy of six thousand
years through it from the time we were
escorted out of the garden to the time
that we will return to the garden in
eight years.
And then we have a thousand years to
celebrate education in the garden and
equipping this mortal remnant of Yisrael
to
become covenant and leave this planet with
Yahweh, which is a marvelous opportunity.
And then we will spend all eternity
together.
So this is the story that Yahweh was
telling.
And the etz dayat is the knowledge that
will get you back to the tree of
lives.
And it means that everybody is given the
opportunity to live two lives.
this life and an eternal life thereafter.
So it's a marvelous gift that is being
offered.
So should you want to be among the
beneficiaries,
I would follow Yawa's advice.
I would consider this as your opportunity.
I would capitalize now.
I would start reading and reciting what
you learn.
Go to yadaya.com, read these books,
listen to the Yawa blog,
capitalize because chances are you will
not be one of the survivors if you
don't of the next eight years.
Huge percentage of this planet is going to
die.
Two out of every three Jews,
and I think they're going to fare better
than people as a whole.
Man's going to do awful things.
There is going to be nuclear war.
The planet will be in upheaval.
So now is your time to respond,
to link in your life assurance policy.
Kevin,
you and I were talking about the fact
that we've gone, I've gone now,
twelve years without health insurance.
I used to have it back in the
time I had my farm.
And when I sold it to my ex,
I've gone all of this time without it.
I tried one year of Obamacare and it
was horrendous.
And I said, you know,
I think I'd rather
to face the consequence and have to endure
any of this uh nonsense and i've but
i have a a better plan than health
insurance i have life assurance and it's
worked out marvelously i've never
regretted a moment of uh of it under
this circumstance and yada's in charge of
premium
Yes.
No deductibles.
No deductible.
Absolutely no deductible and no premium.
He does expect you to work and make
a contribution.
So it's not totally free.
You're going to be a worker.
You're going to make a contribution to the
whole thing,
but you're going to gain more from your
contribution than anybody else.
So even that works out.
And the dividends are great.
So if you contribute,
which we're going to have contributed
a thousand years here,
plus by that time I'll have had forty
in.
You get infinite number of years back,
so it's a pretty good dividend.
I would say it's a really nice return
on investment.
As Kevin says,
just a parody of that is that it's
not deductible, it's an inductible.
it's an inductable yeah it is yeah no
matter how hard we work and and dedicate
ourselves to yahweh he is more dedicated
to us than we possibly can be to
him as much as we work for him
he works harder for us uh he's you
know he made the decision long ago that
he was going to accomplish everything that
was meaningful through the people he had
created
And he finds it interesting.
He finds us interesting.
I think I mentioned earlier that God's not
looking for perfection.
But he is looking for devotion.
And by devotion,
that's not means you're not praying to
him.
It's not worshiping.
It's that it's devotion is dedication or
willingness to make a contribution to
work.
And when you stumble, get up.
But the reason God's not interested in
perfection is it would be boring as all
get out to be a different version of
the garden.
But I don't think that Adam was created
flawed.
And so he would have been as perfect
as a human being could possibly be with
perfect genome and all that sort of thing,
and probably perfect diction and the like,
and yet he was totally boring to God.
So God's not looking for perfection.
Look at Dode, God's chosen one,
his beloved.
He was the antithesis of perfect, right?
But he was right with God and vindicated
by God and is our savior.
And so it tells you that God is
looking for interesting, intelligent,
devoted, dedicated, willing to work,
responsive, observant, reliable.
But certainly not perfect.
And this is something that the religious
in particular stumble on.
Even those who are covenant but have come
out of religion,
they still stumble on this.
We see it all the time with people
like when God chooses to speak through
someone, even as a prophet.
And I make the comment, you know,
just because they're a prophet doesn't
mean that everything they say is correct.
And they just, whoa, how is that possible?
They have to be perfect.
No, no, they don't.
Moshe was the greatest of the Anabi,
the prophets.
And I'm going to tell you for certain,
he said some stuff that was really
regrettable.
You know,
and he had the meltdown until Yahweh,
you might as well kill me because these
people are impossible.
Or when Yahweh had to convince his wife
to circumcise his son because Moshe didn't
get around to it.
You know,
Moshe was not perfect by any stretch of
the imagination.
And we know the greatest man who has
ever lived, Dode, boy,
did he make his share of mistakes and
admitted them, but he grew from them.
That was exemplified in, you know,
Two Sam Six,
as we've elaborated multiple times.
Two Sam Six demonstrates that over and
over again.
Yes.
And in Two Sam Six, you know,
Dode got upset with Yahweh and gave up
on the transport of the Ark of the
Covenant into Jerusalem.
Because a man that was renamed a woman,
the first transgender operation, I guess,
in history,
got killed when he interfered with the
transport of the Ark of the Covenant.
It was being pulled by a bull and
The bull is God's symbol of the last
sacrifice of the man who serves as the
Adam of Perah, this man from Edom.
And so he interfered with that and tried
to grab control of the ark.
And God says, no, no, no.
I'm trying to show you prophetically
what's going to happen.
And you're interfering with it,
you're dead.
We're not going to this is this is
life and death for the planet.
And we're certainly not going to risk that
for one guy that now is a woman
trying to assert her influence.
You're dead.
And Dode didn't like that.
And he just said,
I'm not going to play that.
I'm going to go away.
I don't know how to move the arc
any further.
And I'm just going to leave it right
here.
And I'm going to go pout.
And that's basically what Dode did.
He was angry with God.
And so God had to set him down
and we had a little chat and God
used a verb that says he made it
absolutely clear to Dode what was
happening.
And what he did is he placed Obed
Edom, a man who works from Edom.
It's a cognate of not only work,
but of Adam and the Adam of Parah.
And he had this man supervise the
transport of the Ark of the Covenant into
Jerusalem.
And when Dode saw that God had arranged
Obed-Edom to handle this,
and he recognized this was prophetic of
what's going to happen in the end,
because as Yashaya says,
the man from Edom is going to save
many.
And he is the final Zeruah.
He is the one cultivating this harvest.
And he is the Adam of Parah,
this bloody red man of the earth who
is a productive bull that Dode says, oh,
okay, well,
Jan was going to reposition this ark for
me,
and therefore I can celebrate that he has
provided someone to do what needs to be
done.
that's going to bring the Ark of the
Covenant into the proper place under the
tent of the restoring witness on the
Temple Mount,
so that when I return as King on
Kippurim,
it's there for me to anoint the mercy
seat of the Ark of the Covenant.
And that bull is gonna supply the blood
to anoint the mercy seat of the Ark
of the Covenant.
And also that bull is going to prepare
the remnant of Yisrael so that they can
welcome me and my father Yahweh home.
And when God explained the story,
he decided to celebrate.
And not only did Dode put on the
ephod, the symbol of the high priest,
which is he's going to serve as the
high priest when he returns to anoint the
mercy seat,
the Kippur of the Ark of the Covenant,
on Kippur and keeping with the Torah's
instructions and the bull's gonna provide
the blood,
the rest of him was bare ass naked.
And he was celebrating.
And why was he bare ass naked and
celebrating on Kippurum?
You know why?
Yeah, because he got it.
I'm comfortable with God.
I get it.
Yeah.
Someone else gets to do all the work.
This is my day.
I'm going to party.
My day.
And oh, by the way,
we're going back to Eden.
What was the dress code in Eden?
Pan.
You're right.
Pan's optional, right?
And so he was trying to tell us,
I'm going to complete this story now that
God's explained it to me.
We're going back to Eden.
I feel comfortable exposed to Yahweh.
I understand exactly what he is going to
do.
And that became now one of the most
important prophecies in the writings in
second Samuel chapter.
And, of course,
what follows where Dode is saying, okay,
now we've done all this.
I've got this lovely house of cedar.
I need to build a house of cedar
for God.
He's out there living under the curtains.
And God says, hey.
Did I ask for a house?
Do you think that when I was with
the children of Israel and I took them
out of the house of slavery and to
lead them to this promised land,
do you think that if I wanted a
house,
I would have asked for a house of
cedar somewhere along the way?
I'm wearing.
Maybe you've got this wrong, Kit.
Maybe you don't recognize who's the son
and who's the father.
But let me remind you,
you are my son.
I am your father.
And I am responsible for your seat of
honor in your throne.
And I'm going to establish them.
And then you're going to come back.
as the king of forevermore.
This is how this is going to work.
You know what just struck me, Craig?
And fellas,
tell me if you agree or not,
is that we all know who Obed-Edom is,
but for the second time that I can
recall, you know, on Yom Teruah,
you have a solar eclipse.
Yes, we do.
But here again,
Yah uses an example that the lesser
luminary,
is used to teach the greater luminary
something, and he goes along with it.
Yeah, in this case,
the lesser and greater luminary,
one of the things that I was unaware
of until I just retranslated it,
is that the lesser luminary isn't just
presented as the katan mayor,
the lesser luminary.
God actually begins the discussion by
saying both of the luminaries
they're great.
So the greater luminary is great, great.
But the lesser luminary,
from God's point of view, he is worthy.
He is important to God's story.
And he says so.
And so what you're talking about here is
that just because the lesser luminary is
the choder, which is the stem,
and dode's the shabak, the big branch,
and that dode is the king and the
Yada is his herald.
It doesn't mean that they don't have a
collaboration.
It's just as Yawa enjoyed engaging with
Dode and Dode's contribution to the
relationship,
the same thing is going to be true
between the two of us.
I'm not going to be just a megaphone
for the king's pronouncements.
There will be times where I'll say, hey,
Dode, we went through this once before,
and I've thought this one through,
and I think you may want to play
it this way.
You're king, you get to make the call,
but...
Maybe you want to think this one through.
I think there's a better way to go.
And Obed-Edom played that role with Dode.
And you look at Yeshayah,
the great prophet,
when he sees the man from Edom dressed
in red who saves many.
Yeshayah, Isaiah, is ecstatic.
He says, that's my Zeruah.
That's the guy that is harvesting.
everything that I have planted and
cultivated.
And he is ecstatic.
He says,
he's in that wine vat with me.
Oh, by the way,
that wine vat is the same wine vat
that's associated with Obed-Edom and that
story.
He is from the wine vat.
And then Yahshua says, oh yeah,
he is right there in that wine vat
with me.
And I've been doing this all alone.
And now I have a coworker.
And so just as the man from Edom
is the coworker
of Yashayah Isaiah,
he is also the coworker of Dode.
Just as Dode is the coworker of Yahweh,
Dode's no dummy.
If he can be the coworker of Yahweh
and Yahweh can delegate management of the
universe through Dode,
which is his intent,
then Dode's gonna delegate too.
No one surrounds themselves with yes men.
They want people who are going to
challenge them when they think they're
wrong.
When I introduced you in this program and
I said one of the things that I
liked most about our relationship is that
you not only were comfortable challenging
a conclusion that I had drawn,
but that you did so in a way
that once we worked through our
differences,
we had more respect for one another rather
than less.
Yeah.
that's exactly how that relationship's
supposed to work what's amazing is just
like you're saying with jb dode got it
he learned and he accepted it and he
took it and he was
better for it,
and the synergy is just amazing.
Yeah, it was more reliable,
more confident.
Having overcome a mistake,
he was more reliable and more confident
and more capable than he ever would have
been without the mistake,
which again affirms that
God is not looking for perfect.
He's looking for interesting.
He's looking for committed.
He's looking for confident.
He likes Gabor.
I mean,
you can tell the things that he likes.
He likes Chakma.
He's fond of chakma.
He doesn't want dummies.
He gave us an asama so we can
be chakma.
That means intelligent.
He likes BN.
And he gives us this ability to transition
from knowing to understanding by making
the necessary connections.
Dode was spectacular at it.
And doing that, you can become Sadat,
right?
Which Dode was.
Absolutely.
And as opposed to militarism,
Dode did not pull rank.
He accepted the correction and the
instruction.
He did, always, and appropriately,
and grew as a result of it.
But Dode was no pacifist.
He wasn't humbly,
modestly accepting the correction.
He was bold about it.
When he disagreed with God, he said, no,
I don't like that.
And then when he agreed,
dancing with the ephod, bare-ass naked.
And when his wife, Miguel,
challenged him and said, no, you don't.
You're a fraud.
You don't actually represent any of these
things you're claiming.
All of the stuff that you claim is
special between you and Yahweh and that he
has chosen you for all these things,
you're a fraud.
You're lying.
You're not anything near what you claim to
be.
You're not kabood.
That's for darn sure.
You've embarrassed yourselves even with
the concubines.
And, you know, Doug said, OK, well,
you think I've embarrassed myself with the
concubines?
I'm not kabood.
Then since you've mentioned the
concubines, we're going to go.
I'll go meet with the concubines now and
we'll let them decide if I'm kabood or
not.
You know, that takes some confidence.
You know,
you don't pull that off without some
moxie.
I mean,
that's at the level of Elia when you're
in front of the king and the king
says, you know,
you are the great troubler of Israel.
And you come right back and said, no,
no, I'm not the troubler of Israel.
You're the troubler of Israel.
And then when you're dealing with
the eight hundred and fifty prophets of
the Lord and of Asherah,
the queen of heaven and the mother of
God, the mother goddess.
And you said, you know,
I think your God's in the crapper.
Let's give him some time.
You know,
all gods have to take a crap every
once in a while.
And maybe that's where your God is.
Your God's really old.
I know you've been been touting him for
a long time.
He's probably taking a nap.
You know,
gods get old and they need a nap.
So we'll wait for your God to finish
his nap.
You know, it takes some chutzpah,
it takes some confidence to get to that
level.
And Yah said, that's my prick.
That's my guy, man.
That's my guy.
Oh, yeah,
he actually said my prick because when
God's talking about the four leaders that
emerged from Eden, the third of the four,
the Kishon, is my prick.
He's the thorn in the side.
He's my guy to goad them,
and he did,
and he was spectacular at it.
And you say, okay, so...
not only was Eliyahu willing to engage and
to do the work and prepared, I mean,
to have that soliloquy that he did and
to mock the Lord and Asherah the way
he did through his speech took lots of
preparation.
He had to think it through.
He had to know the faults of the
religions of the Canaanites and the
Phoenicians that had been brought into
Israel.
and have the confidence to confront them
that way.
He was prepared and God loved it.
So if you think that being sarcastic is
something that God doesn't like and of
being uncompromising is something that God
doesn't like, well, think again.
He told us that I like this so
much.
I'm taking this guy to be with me
and I'm bringing him back when it counts.
And guess who's going to be the man
who officiates the sacrifice of the bull,
which is exactly what he oversaw with the
sacrifice of the bull on that day.
So he is rehearsed to reenact the exact
same thing that he did.
And while excoriating religion and
politics.
I'd like to make it clear to everyone
that this is family hour.
I use the term prick as Yah meant
it to be,
not in the pejorative common day parlance.
That is correct.
Yeah,
we laugh at it because it is used
in a common parlance.
The term prick was to be this thorn
that is used to goad those who are
religious and political.
Exactly.
The sarcasm of Elia was, in fact,
that sharp point that popped their
balloon, if you will.
He was spectacular at it.
And he pierced them.
In fact,
all of them would die as a result.
He was so piercing of the religious and
political lives of his people.
So, no,
Yahweh was using it the same way.
He was impressed with him.
It wasn't negative in any shape or form.
So as we continue with our analysis of
what God just said, nothing,
perhaps it's a small thing amongst all the
big insights,
but I happen to notice that the
interrogatory I is often transliterated as
IY as opposed to EY,
but it's the same presentation,
same letters in Hebrew.
And it does more than just ask where
or which one or why.
which is how I translated in the previous
statement.
And it seeks actually to find the reason
behind certain events,
but it also designates an island.
An eye is an island,
a relatively small piece of land
surrounded by water.
I think in the ocean studio earlier today,
you see that we in fact live on
an island
surrounded by the sea.
And that is particularly relevant because
prophetically Ai is used to describe the
coastlines of America where I came from
and where forty percent of Jews live
today.
These are the places from which Yahweh has
proclaimed through Yahshua that he will be
gathering his people.
So when he says, where are you?
It's a prophecy.
It's where I am and where they are
so that they're ready for the upcoming
Kara, this mikra.
There are multiple layers to everything
God says.
And the more you know,
the more you intelligently process the
information and make the proper
connections to understand,
the more you comprehend.
And so there's multiple layers to all of
this.
So of course we must ask,
where are you?
Are you with Adam and Chawa and estranged
from God?
Or are you with the Etz Chaim and
the Etz Dayath who provide the means to
return to Yah?
Are you attuned to the Kara,
the invitations to read God's testimony
and to meet with him as they are
proclaimed and fulfilled by the Bashar
Herald?
who as Yadah is the cold voice calling
out to you.
Do you know how many times Bashar Harold
was used in the preceding text?
Like ten.
And Yadah was introduced several times in
the preceding text.
And the preceding text also mentioned the
cold voice of God.
All of these are prophetic titles of the
very thing we're doing right now.
Fulfilling the Kara invitations,
providing that which you need to read.
pursuant to God's testimony to meet with
him, being offered by Yadah,
the one who knows, as the Bashar,
the human herald,
who is currently the coal,
the voice of God calling out to you.
There is, of course,
the etz and how the etz becomes the
etzah.
Yes.
Yeah.
It's profound.
There are so many words, Adam and Adamah.
You add to Adam with Adamah to make
it the bloody red man of the earth
as opposed to just man.
So Adamah speaks of this bloody red man
of the earth who will serve as the
man from Edom that Yahweh says he's
dressed in red.
And he's going to save many.
And then the Adam of Parah is the
one that is considered to be the red
heifer.
And he's not a girly cow.
It means the Parah is another one of
these.
It's par.
And as Parah,
it goes from bull to productive and
fruitful bull.
And so Adam and Adamah, par and parah,
are examples of the same thing that etzah
and etz represent.
As etz, it's a tree.
As etzah,
it's the means to provide counsel and
advice on the entirety of the story,
framing everything that God has presented
to us in this portrait of life so
that you're in a position where you can
respond appropriately.
That is why it's the Ruach of Etzah,
pursuant to the Choder,
as he becomes the Dayath,
the Ruach of Dayath of the Tree of
Knowledge.
And so you are correct.
There is far more than simply going from
masculine to feminine.
in these things.
In fact,
there's probably nothing associated with
the feminine at all with them.
It's just the expansion of what they
represent when you go from Adam to Adama,
par to para,
and this is particularly important because
it's the Adama para.
And you do the same thing with ets
to etsa.
circling back to BN and B'nah.
It's the same.
Yeah,
BN becomes B'nah when it's enabled by the
Ruach of Yahweh.
And Chakma is already given that full
implication of the Ah ending.
But what is the Ah ending?
It's when you have the suffix of the
Ah.
There you go.
Standing up.
reaching up, pointing up to man.
In fact,
the letter is literally defined as pay
attention, as behold.
And so that H at the end,
the hey, is there's an observant man, man,
man, standing up, not bowed down,
reaching up,
His hands are not out.
He's not asking for money,
not asking for a handout.
His hands are up, reaching up,
pointing up to God.
And so this isn't a man standing up
for God, reaching up to God,
looking up to God,
encouraging you to pay attention to God is
the difference between Adam and Adamah,
between par and parah,
between etz and etzah.
and you know and if you want to
take some of the feminine concept it's a
masculine word a masculine title that is
blended with a feminine ending such that
you're taking the best of men and women
i think dode was probably the greatest at
this in human history he was a man
that was full intellectually
and also full emotionally.
He was the epitome of heart and head.
And I don't see myself in that same
capacity.
I'm far more head than I am heart.
But Dode, I think,
is a man who was probably eighty percent
head and twenty percent heart.
And I might be ninety ten.
But that is what that
ending would also be it blend the best
of what God would say about women being
more emotional,
which is a very important thing.
Love is an emotion.
And man being more cerebral,
that's a very important thing.
Intelligent, making, understanding,
knowing, those kinds of things.
And combined,
we're much better than we would be with
one without the other.
I mean,
have a number of people that have been
very influential people today that are
very influential they have no empathy and
i don't care how bright you are if
you have no empathy you really are a
dangerous individual and so you need both
and the ah ending suggests that these
individuals that god wants to deploy under
those titles have both head and heart that
are in the game and clearly you know
what i would describe myself as more head
than heart i want to tell you
You better have your heart in the game
if you're going to devote yourself to this
job.
It's a tough damn job.
Look at the difference between how you're
writing work, which is very analytical,
whereas Doe wrote poetry and lyrics.
That's correct.
That's much more of an emotional way of
writing.
Yeah.
And when you read, too, of Dode's lyrics,
he's both exceedingly loving and talking
about God being love and the loving nature
and the generosity and kindness of God.
But the vitriol that flows out of his
mouth, he is really angry, too.
And anger is an emotion.
He despises those who have deprived he of
his accomplishments and his people of what
he achieved for them.
And so Dode's poetry, his songs,
his lyrics,
his prose is very emotionally charged.
Is it one of the definitions of Dode's
name?
It's like beloved, passionate.
Yeah, passionate.
Yeah.
In fact,
it says that he was a man after
God's heart.
But but even then.
Leb in Hebrew didn't mean this thing as
a sense of a center of emotion.
That was the kidneys of the day.
The heart was the seat of judgment.
So it means that his judgment was similar
to God's, and judgment is a more...
uh cerebral uh matter uh dode's intellect
is uh second to none dode was exceedingly
bright so he is a man that you
know on a one to ten scale of
intellect is a full ten and a man
whose uh emotional makeup uh and
compassion for his people is a full ten
so he's he's working on all
all possible cylinders.
He's really an extraordinary individual in
this regard.
Was the seat of a motion,
was it the liver or the kidney?
But it was the liver.
Liver, I guess.
Yeah, it's the liver.
Okay.
Kidneys or the liver?
Which one is it?
I think the liver.
It's the liver.
You think it's the liver?
Okay.
Yep.
So you, you liver, what is the,
the slogan that...
If you're a slimy person, you're...
Yellow-bellied and... Yeah,
yellow-bellied liver something.
I've forgotten what the... I know, yeah.
Our speed nerds are always down here.
Yeah.
Anyway,
the heart is the center of judgment.
It's your inclinations, your motivations,
and that sort of thing.
Lily-livered?
Lily-livered.
There he is.
I'm not sure what that means.
That's Mora.
That's not me.
Okay.
There you go.
There is, of course,
as we think of this, Adam's option,
even if it assures banishment from the
garden on the cusp of the return.
And this was Adam's response.
He said, so your voice, eth kol,
I heard.
within Hagan,
this enclosed sheltered and protective
garden.
And I was concerned.
I was even afraid.
I was frightened.
I was distressed due to my recognition,
this is Wahyare, of your awesome stature.
So I was intimidated.
He was never intimidated previously,
was he?
But he was intimidated now.
Called imperfect first person singular
because I was naked and exposed.
for having sought to be crafty and shrewd.
It's iram, enoki, enoki means I,
and iram is I was unprotected and
improperly covered.
It is from aram,
which was I was trying to be clever.
I was trying to be a bit devious.
So it's not just that he was naked
and exposed,
but when you look at the verbal root,
he was trying to be a little crafty,
a little shrewd.
It didn't work out real well for him.
He wasn't good at shrewd.
Yeah.
You know,
I have occasionally just to keep it
entertaining between us.
I,
I try to spar with the Iowa from
now on again, you know,
I don't do it very often,
but you know, sometimes you,
you just gotta try and and you know,
my ongoing battles with the platypus and I
have acknowledged I've probably lost that
one, but you know, it's it's,
Each time that we have a little sparring
match, his comeback is spectacular.
He is really good at the sarcastic
comebacks,
and so I've just learned that you can
do it and have fun with him because
he does like to engage that way,
but don't expect to win.
Where do you think you're going?
Oh, I know.
That was one of the first questions I
asked when Leigh and I had met,
and we had just picked up Asher,
and
And we say,
what's going to happen to Asher on Teruah?
And when we leave, and he says,
so where do you think you're going?
To find out I'm not going anywhere on
Tarot.
I'm the sacrifice on Tarot.
And that was, wow,
what a line and how it turned out.
And when I said to God,
I don't want to have to go back
and rewrite Prophet of Doom.
And I said, God,
you don't want me to do that.
We can write another volume of Coming
Home.
That's so much more fun.
I don't want to go into hell again
and write about Muhammad and Allah.
They're really disgusting.
But, you know,
I understand that Israel needs the help.
They need to know that Islam is their
enemy and they need to know about this
enemy because otherwise they're going to
lash out at a symptom in Hamas and
it's going to make a bad situation worse.
But God, yeah,
I don't really want to do that.
And do I have to?
And God says,
I have taken care of you.
Now you take care of my people.
And you look around, you say, well,
it's a pretty beautiful place.
I'm here.
I'm supported by wonderful mayors.
I've got to get the best wife ever.
And OK.
Yep.
He is taking care of me.
I'm going to take care of his people.
I get it.
You just.
You know,
it's like when I had the three requests
of when I first introduced himself twenty
four years ago.
And I said, OK,
I'm having a conversation with you.
So you know who I am.
And so I'm going to have to assume
that you really are who you say you
are and that you're your God.
You know, it's OK if we negotiate,
because what you're asking me to do,
no one has ever survived before.
So can I negotiate with you?
Absolutely.
Have at it.
So I come up with my three negotiating
points and he says, OK,
reach into your pocket.
There was the answer to all three of
them.
I mean, he's just giggling.
He says, OK,
I wrote the answer three thousand years
ago waiting for you to play this game.
Was it fun?
Did you enjoy it?
Yeah, of course.
The conversation he had,
he had already answered this conversation
three thousand years ago.
Yeah.
Psalm ninety one.
I think he's probably got a kick out
of it.
He says, okay,
I got to play that punchline.
It's been a long time.
Been waiting on that one.
I've been waiting on that one.
So, okay.
Yeah, you're clever.
Clever.
Make a note to self.
Don't challenge God.
Well, you can challenge him.
It's just that you better expect that he's
going to be sharper than we are.
And I guess that's the way you'd like
your God.
I'd like my God to be much smarter
than me and more clever than me and
the like.
Because I need to rely on him.
So he said,
so your voice I heard within the Gann,
this enclosed, sheltered,
and protected garden.
And I was concerned, I was even fearful.
I was, because I was naked and exposed,
having sought to be crafty and shrewd,
so I withdrew.
Having removed myself, I moved away,
retreating so as not to be discovered.
It was written in the nifl, imperfect,
first person singular.
The nifl means I did this to myself.
In the nifl stem,
the subject causes this to happen and he
suffers the effect of the verb.
So removal and being withdrawn is
something that Adam both caused and he
suffered the result when it's written in
the nifl stem.
The imperfect means with ongoing
implications over time.
It's one of the beauty of Hebrew grammar.
It's one of the great gifts to us
and what you can ascertain when you
understand the stems and the conjugations
and the moods and the line.
So sometimes I would say little things
matter.
He said was scribed in the imperfect,
meaning that there would be ongoing
implications of the statement I heard.
It was written in the perfect conjugation
revealing that he would not listen long.
This is the opposite approach that Yahweh
was seeking from him and from us.
Life is better when we continually listen
to God as if it were ascribed in
the imperfect.
and when we infrequently interrupt the
lesson by speaking over him.
Now we're talking about having fun and
sparring with God and occasionally we'll
do it,
but it's like once every six months that
I will attempt it and only in good
fun because the rest of the time it's
listening.
What's the score?
The score?
Well, I've lost every round,
and I'm actually delighted to lose every
round.
Wouldn't you be concerned if you were
representing a god and actually going to
sacrifice your physical body for a god
that wasn't much smarter than I am?
Good point.
Get one over on, yeah.
Yeah, absolutely.
You're delighted to lose and sometimes
you're humored to lose because he's got a
pretty good wit about him.
There's a reason that he picked Elia as
his guy.
I'm not sure there's a lot of difference
in the personalities.
You look at Dode,
he was quick-witted and he would turn the
screws to you.
I think there's a lot of commonality in
personality types.
And I keep on telling you that there's
introverts and extroverts.
And I'm an introvert that trained himself
to function as an extrovert.
I'm really an introvert that just learned
how to function as an extrovert because I
didn't like being an introvert.
Yau, I think, is basically an introvert.
He's not looking for a whole lot of
people to be around him.
I think he enjoys small gatherings much
more than large gatherings.
Prior to, I would say,
this defiant episode,
Adam was comfortable being fully exposed
to God, as we've shared.
And now that he had decided that his
preferences were more important than
Yahweh's instructions, well,
he was concerned.
And with a lot more than being just
naked, ultimately,
there would only be three ways for us
to perceive God.
We could either respect him,
we could fear him,
or we can show indifference towards him.
Those who listen and respond to his
instructions will grow to respect Yahweh.
The more I've learned about Yahweh,
even when we spar,
the more I respect him.
Those who reject him should be concerned
that they will be rejected by him.
And those who remain clueless regarding
Yahweh because they're religious or
political or whatever their indoctrination
will be, will never be bothered by him.
That's the fairness of the whole thing,
that God is not going to punish
Those who don't know him and he doesn't
know them,
if you've just been misled and you've not
misled others,
then the end of your life is the
end of your life.
You're not going to be bothered by God
just as you weren't bothered to know him.
Now, speaking of irem,
it is kiss and cousin to ir,
which is jackass, by the way, and ir,
which is anxiety and anguish and ir,
concentration of people.
The verbal root is likely aram,
meaning to be crafty and shrewd.
If that was the plan,
then this jackass was now anxious and
anguished for having been insufficiently
clever to spar with God.
And when you spar with God,
you need to know that he does respect
clever.
And he's got no problem with being
sarcastic and clever.
But you better...
know who you're sparring with.
So just for fun and sometimes even out
of exasperation,
I try to match wits with God in
some clever fashion from time to time and
always in good fun and in otherwise
typically meaningless issues.
But no surprise, he...
wins every round and and we've got to
be thrilled that he does because if god
was no smarter than me then we would
have a whole bit of trouble here because
every time like i look at his testimony
every time i go through it i learn
more which means that he's not reading my
testimony and say hey kid that was really
smart i learned something there no it's
the other way around oh so it's not
like paul's god who couldn't come up with
a plan so he had to get paul
to come up with a plan for him
Well, that's pathetic, isn't it?
I mean,
that's the essence of Christianity.
Paul says that God couldn't save anyone.
And so he called Paul,
who was a sexual pervert and an
irrational, demon-possessed loser,
and said to Paul, since I failed,
why don't you create a plan that's
faith-based?
Mine was knowledge-based,
and it didn't work out.
So I'm going to let you completely
contradict everything I stood for.
Yeah.
I was going to negate...
uh nineteen seven yeah there's more
nineteen seven where he calls his uh
testimony perfect yes and ideal for
restoring yeah ideal for restoring the
soul and uh and god's quite clear about
the uh enduring relevance of his story as
uh as well look at yirmiya uh when
god restores the covenant one of the
things he's going to do is to write
his torah inside of us
And you're not moving away from the Torah.
You're not negating the Torah.
If your final move on behalf of your
people is to write your Torah inside of
them into the very fabric of their lives.
So the whole concept of negating the Torah
is absurd.
And what Paul, of course,
didn't know is because gospel Jesus
wouldn't be created until after Paul's
death is that gospel Jesus said exactly
the opposite of what Paul said relative to
the Torah.
So.
Thanks to the Ebenim.
Ebenim, yeah, we love the Ebenim,
having recorded the Sermon on the Mount
and then having Asubias not be bright
enough to know that that Sermon on the
Mount destroys the entire credibility of
his religion.
So, you know,
people have not been very bright very
long.
So reinforcing my earlier assessment of
the garden parting being mutual,
as I've shared in the Nifl Imperfect,
Adam was aware.
of the ongoing consequence of his actions.
And he proceeded anyway.
With a nipple stem,
the subject carries out and receives the
action of the verb, which was to withdraw.
So someone as wise as Yahweh asks
questions because he wants us to ponder
the implications of the answer.
It can be a marvelous way to encourage
us to think and to be accountable.
And so God asked the following question.
He said, who informed you,
reporting to you,
that you were naked and exposed,
even crafty and shrewd?
Might it have come from the tree,
which for the benefit of the relationship
I instructed you not to be defined by
consuming and devouring it?
Bar Rashith, in the beginning,
Genesis three, eleven.
The tree told him, huh?
So how could the tree tell him unless
the tree is a person?
The tree told him, God said,
did you learn that you were naked?
As a result of the of the tree.
My beautiful wife just arrived back in her
seat.
And of course,
the idea of representing the tree and
saying that,
who instructed you that you were naked?
You know,
that's one of the beauties of being
husband and wife.
You get to have those kinds of
discussions.
But here's God saying to Adam,
might it have come from the tree?
Ha, men, ha, ets.
The tree was the one who informed him
that he was naked,
that he was now exposed to God in
a way that was really uncomfortable.
So he was munching away on the tree.
Gorging himself.
Of knowledge, gorging himself on it.
And it was that knowledge that he had
gained that said, uh-oh, I'm exposed.
I know a woman who gorged on the
tree and became a fatling sister who
rebelled.
Yeah, we do.
so might it have come from the tree
which for the benefit of the relationship
i instructed you not to be defined by
consuming from it and devouring it and
this was written the blithe akal not to
be negated by what you eat it was
in the call infinitive i just love the
the infinitive because uh it is a verbal
noun
which means that when it is written as
the infinitive, like the participle,
what it says is that this verb is
also a noun.
And therefore,
you will be defined by what you eat.
And he had now defined himself by what
he had eaten.
The tree indeed was telling him that
you're exposed.
I'll tell you you're naked too.
You will.
Okay.
Yeah.
If that's the case.
Devouring it.
It's beautifully written.
It tells you exactly what was going on.
So it was not Chawa who told Adam
that he was naked.
Nope.
Nope, nope, nope.
Can't blame her.
It was the tree that revealed that to
him.
You can blame Yadah.
He's blaming me.
With inadequate knowledge,
insufficient life experiences,
and exposed to the elements for the first
time,
once the protective covering of the garden
had been removed,
the man and woman in the garden did
what religious people have done throughout
the ages.
They tried to conceal themselves.
They didn't like being exposed to God.
Nakedness did not appeal to them.
previously comfortable without clothing
and appreciating the attractiveness of
their bodies,
open sensuality became the first casualty
of only knowing enough to be dangerous.
That's my line.
Every religion would establish a dress
code with some forcing women to walk
around in tents and another requiring them
to shave their heads.
Boy, there's a lesson in that,
isn't there?
The last thing Adam wanted to hear,
especially perched in the tree as he was,
was to be reminded that he had been
asked to refrain from habitually eating
from it.
It was the first I told you so
ever recorded.
And even then,
with God being none too subtle with his
line of questioning,
man's retort was to shift the blame.
We humans have never been very good at
accepting responsibility, have we?
Not likely.
And he doesn't answer the question either.
He dodges the question.
Yahweh answers the question.
Who told you?
And Yahweh fills in the answer.
Yeah, was it the tree?
Yeah, exactly.
The rhetoric, yeah.
I love Yah's rhetorical question.
Then the man said, the woman?
No,
the woman who to enjoy the relationship
you gave to me.
To be with me.
She gave it to me.
Offering it to me.
from the x tree so i started eating
and i did not stop oh you little
jerk you so not only is he blaming
the woman as opposed to accepting
responsibility yahweh told him exactly
what he should and should not do what
he could in fact he didn't say you
can't eat from the tree he just says
if you continually eat from that tree
you're gonna die he was concerned
And so that means you're not going to
live forever.
If you continually eat from that tree,
that's what he did.
And so he alone is responsible for the
consequence.
And what did he do?
He not only tried to blame the woman,
but he said, you gave her to me.
It's your fault.
I've sparred with Yahweh for fun.
I have never said, Yahweh,
it's your fault.
That's pushing it.
pretty damn far it's your fault you know
that's the first example of a straw man
argument i think in the yeah i think
so uh probably also a non-sequitur uh the
woman you gave me had nothing to do
with what uh what uh transpired the straw
man uh the case he was making was
not based on uh on reality he was
he was conceiving an argument uh based on
an artificial uh construct um you know
And maybe even argument him by
distraction.
He didn't want to answer the question that
Yahweh asked.
So he changed the subject.
It was your fault.
You gave her to me.
He keeps digging and digging.
Wow.
Now, to Adam's credit,
it was true in the sense of,
but to his shame,
it was also wrong because he failed to
be accountable or responsible.
Yes, Yahweh gave man the gift of woman.
Best gift ever.
But he gave us so much more.
He gave us a nephesh soul to observe
and respond to the world around us.
And he offered us an Asama conscience and
free will so that we could make
responsible choices.
And then he gave us his Torah,
his guidance,
so that we would make the most of
our opportunity.
Okay, I got a few questions.
So gave us an Asama.
We destroyed that.
Boy, we have.
Yes.
Gave us a garden.
Yeah, we walked away from that.
Yes.
Gave us a covenant.
Yeah, we spit on that too.
Yes, you did.
And let me see.
Gave us his son.
We rejected that.
A plan.
What is different today than the guy we're
talking about right now?
Nothing.
No.
Modern man is apathetic at him.
Correct.
Modern man is Adam.
But not all.
Dode set the example.
The vast majority.
We have recognized the example that Dode
has set.
And we've been listening to God and
devoted to it.
And we are offering the opportunity to
come back into the garden.
So God is playing for keeps this time.
And there's not going to be another redo.
You're either going to...
This is the redo of the redo.
This is it.
This is the final one.
This is your second chance.
Last chance for romance.
Last call.
You're either going to be in or you
are out.
And so God gave everything that Adam
needed.
Nefesh to observe and respond,
a Nesama to think conscious,
to make intelligent decisions,
the Torah instructions and guidance to
know what was conducive and not conducive.
And he blew it all.
Including the woman because he's done
nothing but abuse her.
You know,
I think that he probably did a very
poor job of fulfilling his role of sharing
what Yahweh said.
Now, he clearly told Chawa that, you know,
we can't make a habit from eating from
the tree of the knowledge of good and
evil because she knew it.
She recited the line.
She apparently didn't care.
But he didn't make it a priority in
their relationship.
He never invited Chawa to anything that we
can see that had anything to do with
God.
So they both shortchanged their
opportunity.
So in his reply,
Adam was trying to shift blame,
which humans are very good at doing,
to God as well as to Chawa,
suggesting that it was God's fault for
having provided the woman.
And it was the woman's fault for having
handed him the fruit.
Keeping it real,
it was Adam's fault for not only ignoring
God's instructions,
but for doing expressly what he had been
warned against.
What Leah says is so true, though.
Majority of men and women have not only
done what Adam has done,
they've quadrupled down on it.
Well, Adam was even quadrupling down on,
as we found out in the previous statement,
he was still sitting in the tree.
He wasn't among the trees of the garden.
No, he was in it.
He was sitting in the midst of that
tree.
Munching away.
Oh, yeah.
He was total disregard in your face.
You know, if I had, for example,
when I didn't want to have to go
back and rewrite Prophet of Doom,
which is the only book I hadn't rewritten
in all this time.
And God said, I've taken care of you.
You now take care of my people.
And I said, well, the hell with it.
I don't want to.
I still don't want to do it.
So tough.
Find somebody else.
No, it's.
Not going to fly.
We have a job to do.
We're going to get the job done.
And oh, by the way,
thank God he was insistent because that
book needed some major rewrites.
Oh, my goodness.
And how much more we've learned.
Oh, how much.
It's just so much better than it
previously was.
And of course,
now it's four thousand two hundred pages
long.
So, you know, it's it's a.
sizable addition to the library at five
volumes.
But even in its first iteration,
look at how popular it was in Iran.
Yes, it was the...
Had higher readership in Iran,
Prophet of Doom did,
than any other place on Earth.
And at the time,
Iran was ninety percent Muslim.
And by the time that it all the
dust settled and Prophet of Doom did its
thing,
Iran now is less than thirty five percent
Muslim.
And still dropping.
And as I say,
I think this is what Yahweh is doing.
I actually think that Yahweh would like to
see the secularists in Iran
many of who have intermarried with Jews,
and there'll be a significant Jewish DNA
among Persians, and they're bright people.
And they were besieged by Islam,
it was forced on them,
it was surrender or die,
and that never should have happened to
them.
And so
I'm encouraged that the prophet of him
could have played a significant role in
what is geographic Babylon.
I know God's going to call his people
out from the three Babylons,
and geographic Babylon is Persia.
So I'm
hopeful that profit of doom and now
goddamn religion plays a role and it
appears to have.
And it's also protective of God's people
in Israel,
giving them a way to defend themselves
against the bloody genocidal nature of
Islam.
But this is the ordinance.
Just one is worth it.
I mean, it's forever.
So just one is worth it, you know?
Yes.
You give one person forever.
You look at the garden.
God had none.
He tried one.
It didn't work.
He tried two.
And then he had the fall of the
Nephilim.
He found eight.
Okay, that was great.
You know, that's eight people.
Wow.
Uh, and then, you know, he worked through,
he had, um, it wasn't too long.
They were off the boat before they started
doing naughty stuff.
They did.
Yeah, it was true.
And, you know, they have then Abraham and,
uh, and Sarah and, uh,
You know, they became a family with three,
but there was a fractured family incident
with Hagar and Ishmael in the midst of
it.
And then Esau was fooled by his wife
into giving the second born the blessing.
And Esau was sent off on this.
And Jacob was not the sharpest tool in
the shed either.
And you look at Jacob,
and he was played by Laban,
having no backbone,
not even being able to stand up to
him.
And he got the wife that he didn't
want that was actually the wife he should
have loved.
And they conceived children who turned out
to be rotten.
but that's the birth of israel prior to
that there is no israel that's why god
returning to the knackery this observant
foreigner it's just like he's started in
eden and bringing us back to eden he
started with goy and he's and it's a
boy that is responsible for bringing the
children of israel back uh from their
departure from god the whole story comes
full circle
But, you know,
not a lot of good moments there.
I mean,
there's occasionally the dote enters the
story.
A Shamuel is a great example.
An Elia is a great example.
There's a moment or two in Hezekiah's life
that's a good example.
The prophets were all great examples,
but there's not a lot of them.
And there hasn't been really there was
none from four forty seven B.C.
to twenty four years ago.
There was exactly none.
None, not a single person here, your God,
you've given all this revelation and not a
single person understood it.
Not a single person responded to you.
Not a single person acknowledged you by
name or acknowledged what you and your son
had achieved.
For two thousand five hundred years with
all that prophecy and not one.
Wow.
Yahweh said he was going back to his
abode and that we could handle things down
here.
What's ironic is ironic is that Israelis
could learn quite a bit from the Persians.
and uh about about islam and uh and
yah is making it clear listen listen
yahudim it began with the goy and it's
going to be fixed by the goy
With the Goy, when I deploy the Goy.
Yes, I'm going to speak through the Goy.
I'm going to enable the Goy.
I have announced that Hanakri in the Torah
is the man that's going to bring you
back home.
I dedicated my home with Solomon giving
the Sermon on the Mount,
telling you about the arrival of Hanakri.
And he is my observant foreigner.
He is my voice.
He is the final Zeruah.
He is the one who you need to
listen to if you're going to come back
home.
And if you don't return to me,
I'm not returning to you.
So God's been really clear.
And then you look at the prophet like
Yashaya.
Yashaya is a treatise on how to perform
as the Choder.
And how the Choder ultimately manifests as
the man from Edom, which is the...
reprising the role of Obed-Edom.
It's all there.
It's all very clear as to even in
this story.
Yadah is named.
The Bashar Herald is named.
God tells us that the tree of knowledge
is in fact the Choder.
The whole story is underscored and God
lays it all out.
It was just there for us to understand.
You read Dode's Mismore and all of them
say the same thing,
that he volunteered to serve as the
Passover lamb and then take our guilt into
Sheol and Matzah.
And yet no one paid any attention to
it.
And they chose to believe false messiahs.
In a selfish way, in a personal way,
as a Yehud,
I find it delicious that he's sticking it
in the rabbi's eye,
basically telling them the biggest ever,
who's your daddy?
Yeah, exactly.
Who is your daddy?
The realization that the rabbis not only
have it wrong,
but are the greatest enemy ever.
of the Jewish people and have been for
two millennia.
And he is, God is saying,
I'm going to show you,
I'm gonna embarrass you,
but this one Goy is going to understand
more than all of you combined by an
infinite degree.
And he's, your insights are all wrong,
his are all right,
and they are profoundly important.
And so I'm going to issue my call
to come out of Babylon
through Han Akri, the observant foreigner.
And that should be really embarrassing
because of how lost you have been for
how long you have been lost.
Oh, no.
What's really embarrassing is before I
ever came to this,
I've read at least two volumes of Halakha
and Mishnah, okay?
From cover to cover.
What's embarrassing is what's between
those covers.
Absolutely.
Absolutely embarrassing.
Oh, the Zohar, what a piece of trash.
And the Talmud, it's rubbish.
The Mishnah, the Halakha,
all of your writings.
Let them be a witness against you.
It's so arrogant and so stupid.
If the Nacre doesn't charge a thing,
except he offers the gift of eternal life,
do you know how much it costs to
go to Yeshiva?
Oh, yeah.
And, you know,
you want a seat in the synagogue,
you've got to pay for that seat.
If you want it up front,
you've got to pay more for that seat.
You want membership,
you've got to pay for that.
You want your kitchen blessed,
If you touch a dish that shouldn't be
touched together,
you've got to pay for that.
You want the food that's kosher for you
to eat, well,
you've got to pay for that.
Rabbis are the most overpaid pieces of
crap in the world.
How much is those little...
weasel ass hats they wear.
How much do you think those things cost?
Six to twelve thousand dollars.
To look stupid.
And the whole thing is a con.
And what God is saying is,
since there was none,
and it was not a single Jew through
whom I could speak,
I'm going to wake you back up with
a goy.
And just to rub it in,
I'm going to have that guy figure it
all out by studying the very prophetic
text that I had given you in your
language.
And he's going to be able to figure
it out by studying those prophetic texts
and rendering them accurately and making
these deductions from those texts that
you've had for three thousand four hundred
and fifty years.
You couldn't figure it out.
And yet in twenty four years,
he's going to figure it all out.
Now, chew on that.
Yeah, it is.
It's a slap in the face.
And that's what's needed because Jews were
obnoxious towards God,
told him to shut up and go away
during the Exodus,
and they haven't changed.
And so somebody has to get their
attention.
And it's not going to happen by saying,
pretty please.
I'm going to be the cute little lamb
that's going to tell you that I just
really love you.
I understand that, you know,
you're traumatized,
but it's going to be okay.
No, you did awful things.
You erased God's name.
You denied his son.
You have screamed over the Torah and
creating this Talmud.
You created three obnoxious religions that
have tormented you for all of this time.
And so, no, it's not.
sweetness.
In fact,
God chooses the characters to tell his
story,
and the character that he has chosen this
time is a bull, and bulls are bulls.
There's a reason that a bull is a
bull.
That's exactly right.
And don't even try, my fellow Yehudim,
who you need to be Yehudim,
to try and pull the anti-Semitic
nonsense to try and stifle debate and
reason and logic.
You're the ones who are anti-Semitic.
You have been from the beginning.
And the person who's trying to rescue you
from your own insolence and stupidity is
the most phylo-shemitic person on the
planet.
Wake up.
Shem means name.
You know that Shem means name because you
call Yahweh HaShem.
And so anti-Shem is to be against the
name that we reintroduced.
So you can't make that claim.
And oh, by the way,
I'm laying down my life to restore this
mortal remnant of Yisrael in the end.
And I've dedicated a hundred thousand
hours over the last twenty five years to
enlightening you
who you know it really is what he
is offering what he expects in return how
you can restore your relationship with him
and i've never accepted a penny never
asked for anything from anybody under any
circumstances i've encouraged people to
dedicate themselves to this cause because
god's all in on it and he wants
us to engage and to act and to
make a contribution but
You will find me as the antithesis of
the rabbis.
I not only don't ask for money,
I will accept none from you.
Kirk, you can help me with this one.
As they say in Alabama,
y'all should be saying todah tovah, Mr.
Chota.
Yeah.
Yeah,
it's true that we are offering you what
the rabbis stole from you.
We're returning what they stole.
Yes, but we're an ungrateful bunch,
aren't we?
Well, the Jews are a tough audience.
I mean,
when you have a man of the character
of Moshe and he wants God to kill
him because Jews are so irascible,
so embittered, so obnoxious,
so impossible to lead that Moshe says,
if you care at all for me.
for through impossible.
You'll just,
that would be the most merciful.
And God didn't disagree with him.
They are.
God just simply told him that I will
create a buffer for you by sharing these
Ruach that I have assigned to you with
seventy people that they're not going to
contribute anything,
but they will provide a bit of a
buffer for you so that you can endure
the obnoxious nature of these people.
You're still the only one that's going to
speak for me,
but you can at least have them as
a buffer.
And then I'm going to offer to you
the answer.
And that is that there'll be two guys
there that are filled with the spirit.
And those two guys are El Dode,
the Almighty's beloved, and my Dode,
the best friend of Dode.
And we read right there and...
bar mid-bar number is eleven when Moshe
has his meltdown,
that there are two people that are filled
with the Spirit that are going to act
as prophets and they are Eldod and Midod.
And God's saying, that's the answer.
You get them to the promised land.
I'll take it from there.
I got a couple of guys.
And he did.
And he has a couple of guys.
He promised him the sun and the moon.
He did.
He promised Moshe the sun and the moon.
He promised Moshe the sun and the moon,
the greater luminary and the lesser
luminary, and there they are,
and they work together as signs of the
Moedim,
of these restoring witnesses of these
seven annual meetings.
God laid it out right out from the
beginning,
and that the tree of knowledge is going
to bring you right back to the tree
of lives,
and
Oh, by the way,
that's who the Choder is.
The Choder is not a messianic character.
Can't be because he's a stem and the
Messiah is the Shemach, the main branch.
But it's quite clear that Choder is the
tree of knowledge.
And that tree is responsible for bringing
you back to the tree of lives.
And it's no that fulfilled Passover,
putting it all together.
And so why is it?
that it took a Goy to figure all
this out to be the first ever to
recognize this and share it with you.
And what are you going to do, Israel?
Are you going to continue to do what
you have done and be miserable,
be estranged from God,
being kicked around the planet?
I mean,
next seven years are going to be really
horrific.
Are you going to continue to do the
same things, be religious, be political,
pretend that, you know,
it's going to end differently for you?
In all seriousness, in terms of waking up,
realize that the tree of knowledge,
the choder,
the man sitting in front of you,
is the reversal agent for the anesthesia
of rabbinical Judaism.
Yeah.
And keep in mind, too,
I'm not claiming this title for myself.
I didn't seek this title.
I wanted to be anonymous.
I didn't come to God and say, hey,
God, you got a job for me?
God came to me.
God chose you.
It appears that based upon all the
prophecies that go back through time that
God made this decision a very,
very long time ago.
And this was his choice.
And you can say that you think he
made a bad choice.
I wouldn't recommend that.
It was his choice.
He made the choice.
I agreed.
I said, okay, I'll do this.
And we've been together ever since.
And it makes no sense for you to
say God wasn't entitled to make that
choice,
particularly when there's a thousand
prophecies about the role that we're going
to play together and that it has
transpired exactly as he said it would.
But again, I didn't make this call.
I didn't choose this for myself.
I would never have chosen this for myself.
I'm not going to run from it.
I'm delighted to have the opportunity.
I'm pleased that God
had enough confidence in me.
He even provided you with a good woman.
He did.
And without a woman that can make a
contribution and be supportive,
the job can't be done.
Yeah.
It was essential.
Can I direct our rabbinical elites to
Michelle Fourteen?
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah,
Dode himself was the person who introduced
the Choder.
And he begins his soliloquy on the Choder
by saying, you've got a really smart wife.
And so it goes from there.
And then he uses chakma all the way
through it because chakma is the operative
term.
This job requires intelligence.
And you're not working alone.
You're working with a very smart woman
because the woman represents Yisrael and
what Yisrael has become.
And the whole idea of the Adam of
Parah of Numbers' nineteen resolves the
guilt
The religious guilt of the adulterous
woman that is in Numbers five.
And it's the ash that brings them all
back.
And what we're going to find is that
this story in the garden,
when God's finished with the whole story.
And we'll continue this in future programs
and a return to the garden.
The last thing he's going to talk about
is ash.
And you can return to the dust or
you can be restored by the ash.
but the ash is the enema p'ra.
It's the sacrifice of the enema p'ra in
Teruah as orchestrated and consistent with
Numbers,
and Numbers five is the chance to be
restored,
or you can return to the dust of
the earth.
That is the choice,
and that's how God concludes this story,
and how we get from this story to
the story of Numbers,
Five and how that takes us to numbers
nineteen and and we have numbers Eleven
through fifteen in between that explain
where Israel went wrong Why they're
separated from God at this time still and
how that is ultimately resolved and God
says in numbers fifteen He's really clear.
He says this is ultimate resolved by three
fellas It's a ram a bull and a
goat
A bull and a goat.
Elia is the master of ceremonies.
The returning prophet is the goat.
And it's a goat's blood that also has
to be on the mercy seat of the
Ark of the Covenant.
In fact,
it's the goat's blood that reconciles the
relationship with Yisrael.
The bull's blood actually resolves the
issue of the high priest.
And therefore the bull is making this
offering on behalf of Dode himself.
And so, and it's really clear.
It's the bull in the end that resolves
the guilt of the remnant of Yisrael,
whereas the ram opens the doorway to life
because of his sacrifice on Pesach.
God tells you the whole story in the
Torah.
It's all there.
Yeah, but we're stuck going la, la, la,
la, la.
Speaking over God.
Yes.
Babel.
Praying as opposed to listening.
being religious as opposed to engaging in
the relationship.
And so to pull you out of your
funk and to slap you along the side
of the head and said, wake up,
what you're doing is wrong.
And you only have eight years left.
And most of you are not going to
survive it.
This is the opportunity.
And Taru is going to be the greatest
show on earth,
but most of you aren't going to make
it there.
So I would advise you to capitalize on
it.
So you'll join us on the Shibuya Harvest.
And then you can be one of the
contributors.
Do not delay.
Yeah, don't delay.
These books await you.
It's a marvelous website, yadaya.com.
It's going to get even better as we
progress towards it.
And all of these books are now available.
If you prefer paper, then here you are.
It's Google my name, Craig Wynn,
or Yada Yada series,
and it'll take you directly to these books
at Amazon.
You can purchase them royalty free and
read all about it.
Or if you prefer on your phone,
on your tablet, on your computer,
on your television, you name it.
You can read them for free by going
to yadaya.com.
And of course,
then there's all of these marvelous sites
where the Yawa blog persists because what
Yawa realized, and he told us this,
three thousand years ago,
that there would come a time when the
voice is more powerful than the written
word.
And that he would have his voice come
out of the heavens and speak directly to
you.
And God says, when he speaks to you,
you need to listen.
You need to act accordingly.
This is your last chance.
It is your last chance.
And remember what we said a short time
ago about the word Kara.
Despite yourselves, despite your perfidy,
you are still being invited to read,
recite,
and have eternal life despite yourselves.
Yeah.
And speaking of despite yourself,
I didn't get this job.
First of all,
I didn't get this job because I asked
for it because I didn't ask for it.
No one in their right mind would ask
for this job.
No.
And this job is,
for twenty-four years now,
every day before the sun rises and every
day long after the sun sets,
I'm devoted to this job.
And this job,
I ultimately get my body bludgeoned to
smithereens.
So this is a tough damn job.
And the Yawa has never been popular.
but i didn't ask for this job and
the reason that i got this job is
because there was no one among god's
people that would listen to him not one
and so a goy was given this job
by default god knew it was going to
turn out this way everything goes full
circle with god just as it would go
from eden back to eden we began with
goyim
And then have Yehudim in between.
We return to the goyim,
bringing God's people back.
And it is what they needed.
They needed to have somebody who was
outside of Yisrael bring them back home.
Because no one- The tribe is too far
gone.
The tribe is too far gone.
They needed someone to call them back
home.
And God chose someone outside the tribe to
call them back home.
And that is this job.
And we're going to do this job.
We're dedicated to it.
And you are the beneficiaries if you
capitalize upon it.
And we will ask nothing from you.
We will encourage you if you decide that
you want to take advantage of what God
is offering, that you read,
that you educate yourself so that you know
who God is, what he's offering,
what he's asking in return,
how he carries out all of these things
and what his timeline is.
The more educated you are,
the more effective you can be.
And then we will naturally encourage you
to share what you have come to know.
It's essential.
That way more people can benefit.
And what you're doing is good for you.
It's not just good for other people.
If you engage with us now,
you devote yourself to learning,
reading these books at yadaya.com,
and you participate with us,
making a contribution to God's people and
to this end result,
then you will have the great joy of
spending time with Yahweh,
knowing that He appreciates what you have
done.
that you've pleased the creator God of the
universe and that the king who is
returning,
you've made his eternity richer by
contributing to his family.
And the sense of satisfaction that you
capitalized on an opportunity you did what
very few people have done.
And you came to trust God.
You listened to him.
You acted accordingly.
You were the antithesis of Adam.
You used Dode as your exemplar.
And the sense of satisfaction is
overwhelming.
There's no other better place to be.
Rich would be such a wonderful example of
this.
Leah is another example of this.
You guys are all examples of this.
There's no better place to be.
And you can see it on our faces.
You can see it in our eyes.
You can hear it in the tone of
our voice.
We know exactly what we're doing,
why we're doing it,
and that you are the beneficiaries if you
act.
And you will receive exactly the same
awards and benefits and inheritance that
we all have.
Our future is assured.
We don't need to do this for us.
We're doing it for you.
Capitalize.
Well,
now we've gone to two hours and forty-five
minutes on our family hour on this program
on Return to the Garden.
You talk a lot, sir.
No, you can't be the voice of Yawa,
the coal of Yawa in this job,
unless you voice what Yawa wants.
That's true.
To make a long story long.
They said I would have written a short
letter, but I didn't have the time.
No,
we're excited about what we're sharing
with you.
We want you to soak it in,
learn it, share it, benefit from it.
It's this marvelous story that God has
offered us,
and we want you to capitalize upon it
and celebrate it.
So thank you, everyone.
And thanks, Joe.
Thank you, Joe,
for getting our books together.
Thank you, Leah,
for all of this wonderful branding that
you're doing.
Thank you, Dr. Jeff,
for representing Yisrael so well.
Kevin,
you are hugely valuable and it is a
huge contribution to everything that we're
doing.
Captain Kirk,
you were my brother from another mother,
and we have been best buds forever and
will be best buds forever,
and I've always appreciated your intellect
and contribution, JB.
Thank you all so much for being part
of this show and for my good friend
Rich there managing behind the scenes.
Thank you, Rich.
We're grateful.
Say Shabbat Shalom, honey.
Shabbat Shalom to everyone.
Good night.
Say good night, dear.